## Yoreel Garlian
1. Name: leeroy jenkins - Yoreel Garlian
2. Guiding philosophy:
    1. Be able to either make things work or get out, because you can't know what the other person is thinking. At least not unless you've managed to spy on them.
    2. Most failures occur from a lack of willingness to gamble/take a chance, and a lack of confidence
    3. Believes most elves change professions and expertise because they either find the craft they love, or get bored and move on. Believes he has figured out the solution: Make complete and utter confidence in yourself the cornerstone of everything, and find entertainment in your own actions as much as possible.
2. Alignment: Neutral - Mostly out for himself or the benefit of his reputation, but doesn't try to actively harm others beyond lightening their coin purses.


### Backstory: Starting ~200y ago
Grew up around humans in Luskan, and not exactly with their support. Spent a good chunk of his youth running around the streets unsupervised, and developed a penchant for street games and gambling. Once he discovered his talent for magic he figured out little ways to... swing the odds in his own favor. A few failed attempts at this also taught him the value of subtlety in his use of spells. While trying to hide that you manipulated the game is obvious, he also learned not roll perfectly if decent is all that's needed to win the round.

Once he started having more than a few coins to his name at any given time he started working on how he presented himself. At first it started as a bit of a joke to himself about looking a part that nobody would ever see him in, but he noticed that the treatment he got from others changed as rapidly as his wardrobe and cleanliness. He also noticed that along with this change in perceived prestige came the ability to get into games that occasionally gambled gold instead of bronze and silver. It also became a bit harder to cheat at these, but luck and skill were never lacking in Yoreel's life and  he still won more than he lost.

After a time doing that he realized he'd accrued enough money to look more like a wealthy merchant, and it turned out that when he joined a new table to play at dice or cards folks seemed to have already been assuming he was either a new merchant in town or minor nobility in from the countryside. While he didn't know how to fake either of those yet, he quickly realized that being more judicious with his words made others both more interested, and less inquisitive. At least to his face. And being a high elf didn't hurt either since they were common enough to be unremarkable, but secluded enough that he didn't need to worry overly much about running into them at predominantly human tables.

~150y ago
All these lessons learned, he decided it was time to try his hand at a fresh start. If he could convince folks in the city he spent his life growing up in that he was a man of importance, how hard could it be to convince a bunch of total strangers? He figured Neverwinter was a city that had to be as rich in coin as it was in adventurers, and was a good place to head next. That journey ended up proving to be where he learned about elves, armies, and just how long the memories of elves can be.

Almost immediately upon setting out on the high road he came across an army encampment. Remembering how much soldiers and guards like to dice he figured it was as good a place as any to stock up on a bit more coin before continuing his journey. Plus dicing is fun whether it's for a gold or a copper. And if the soldiers believed silver as rich as he could afford to go they'd think him mostly unremarkable. What he didn't realize until the guards were already waving him in was that this particular army was almost entirely elven. Nobody seemed to think much of a well dressed elf entering camp, so he decided to look around a bit more, and after buying a few soldiers some ale gathered that this army was being put together to hunt down orcs.

Yoreel debated leaving, but all those rich kids always spoke of battles and politics, so finding himself right in the thick of it may be fortuitious for re-inventing himself. He was always more one for running away than standing and fighting, but getting the right stories to tell could be quite helpful, and maybe he could forge a small reputation like all those human lords and princlings who always strutted around and spoke about their heroic role in this battle or that.

Step one was obviously going to be getting accepted, and since already looked a merchant he figured the easiest way was to work with the quartermasters and claim he was a merchant who's last expedition was raided by orcs. What he didn't count on was a 500 year old quartermaster who had never ventured outside the region, and claimed to know _every_ elven merchant that operates in the area. He also didn't expect borderline treasonous charges for lying to officials within the army. When brought in front of the army's logistical head to explain himself, some quick thinking and masssaged truths got him a trial run. If he really was a merchant from another region who got attacked bringing supplies to the army, then surely he must be capable enough to procure a wagonload of food from Neverwinter with an impossibly small budget. Given that they had never searched his person, he gladly accepted this deal, and simply spent some of his own gold to cover the difference. He even debated buying a second wagon to bring back but figured that'd be more attention than he wanted, and that it would raise even more questions about who he was.

Between that and a few other "successful" trade deals he covered out of his own pockets, he quickly rose to be the head logistician's right-hand man, which in turn got him into all the right circles for that reputation he wanted to build. Brilliant merchant wasn't _exactly_ what he had in mind, but Yoreel figured he could make it work. Plus it was easier than trying to fake a noble pedigree. Ironically after the campaign he was granted a minor title by Nulasemar himself, though luckily not one with any lands or responsibilities to manage.

Title and lighter coinpurse in hand, he finally made his way down to Waterdeep. Getting himself into all the right card tables and social circles there was easier than ever, and though it took longer than planned (should have guessed a city of adventurers would be good at spotting magic). Eventually he even won himself a small manor by betting against it with nearly all of his coin. Shockingly he hadn't even needed to risk any magic to win that hand. He worried a bit about the gambling getting dull, but between increasing pot sizes and how frequently the humans got swapped out with their successors or others who took their titles, Yoreel could always find a table that felt fresh to him. However when the call came up for another campaign against the Orcs he figured it was as good a time for a change as any to keep things from getting stale. He also found himself better stocked than ever when he decided to sell his manor before leaving, and realized that he'd spent a full century gambling and drinking his days away with mostly human nobility. A few well-placed lies about the history of his manor led to an even greater selling price, the short memories of lesser-lived races comes in handy sometimes.

Over the next century he kind of rinsed and repeated a few times, working his way around the area. Developed a little bit of a circuit around some of the northern cities, spending 20-30 years in them at a time. Developed a primary identity (Yoreel) which he used with the elves to maintain a growing reputation, but whenever he visited a city he changed his garb, hair, etc and assumed a new name. Developed a bit of a circuit going from Mirabar to Luskan, then Neverwinter, Waterdeep, a couple months at Bargewright Inn, and back up to Mirabar. He tends to stay in each city for 20-40 years, though sometimes he wears out his welcome before then. Also when he's in the northern part of his circuit he tends to try catching up on what the Elven forces have been up against in terms of Orcs, and often contributes to their efforts.

He maintains a mid-sized house in a good neighborhood as his "primary" residence (though he's known to rarely reside there) in Neverwinter, and allows a local elven moneychanger to lend it out to visiting elves for a nominal fee. This is less to make money off it, and more a way he offloads responsibility for the maintenance of the house.

### Significant events:
1. Audit - Some years ago Yoreel ended up on the wrong side of a particularly vengeful human off of whom he won his Luckstone. Despite the fact that he handn't used magic on that particular hand of cards, he had used it a couple times earlier in the evening to accrue the pot he needed to win it. The Human's name was Ben Shulz (the name of the player who owned Leeroy Jenkins), and he not only managed to somehow work out that the name 'Tom Bombadil' was an alias, but also that he was an elf from Neverwinter. After making the trek up he attempted to create all kinds of trouble from rumors to investigations, and ended up getting Yoreel audited in an event that nearly cost him his house. The only reason he was able to keep the house was that the rumors were never able to be substantiated, and nobody could disprove that his coin was made in legitimate trades and games of chance.
    1. Oddly, a short time after the audit ended Ben fell ill, and Yoreel never heard from him again. This was ~30 years ago. Since Yoreel made his best effort to avoid the man after winning the ring (and since he wasn't sure what he'd do to the man who caused so many headaches if he faced them) he never really spoke to the man, or figured out if he made any additional trouble in Waterdeep. Or if he told anyone else where he was going or why.
2. Disagreements with commanders - This past year Yoreel was making his rotation from Luskan to Neverwinter, and detoured to check in on the Elven forces as he'd heard the orcish fighting had been particularly spirited of late. When he arrived he saw that the army was in a sorrier state than he had historically seen it, and knew that he might have to make his donations to the cause both earlier and in grander amounts than he normally would. A short time after he put in orders to Neverwinter and Luskan for more equipment, the battle where Nulasemar fell occurred. Yoreel could never prove it, but he genuinely believes if he had arrived sooner and gotten the extra equipment to the army before that battle it may have gone differently.
    0. That opinion about the equipment is not one he shares, and one that others might not necessarily agree with at all.
    1. Unfortunately during aftermath of the funeral he bet on the wrong side of a power struggle, and may have implied the man who would go on to become the commander was a talentless upstart trading on his family name rather than his own merits. While he's relieved that the man seems to be a capable field commander, he maintained (a little too loudly) that this man lacks talent in the myriad ways Nulasemar had it. He views this man as a good commander but woeful leader, planner, and manager.
        1. Elf Yoreel supported: Caeleath
            1. Rival of Nulasemar's. Not in the sense that they disliked each other, but in that they competed for prominence. Some may even say their rivalry lead to some of the elves greatest victories in the last century.
        2. Elf who won: Jaseanavin
            1. Nulasemar's right hand man. Could always be trusted to hold the line and plan an effective operation, but didn't concern himself as much with the politics and logistics when Nulasemar was around to do so.
    2. After this, Jaseanavin ordered Yoreel to retrieve the sword from Summit Hall in part to get an annoying critic out of his hair, and in part to help lend credibility to his ascension.
        1. Caeleath eagerly latched onto this idea and while he didn't make any suggestions to Yoreel, he did lock eyes for a moment and grin.


### Long-term Magical items wanted:
1. Ring of spell storing - 24k - rare
2. Weapon? Fancier armor? Instrument?

### Magical effects
1. Programmed Illusions - Reminder, can only trigger 1x/10m
    1. A dice cup that hides 4 of the 5 die and replaces them with 6's if Yoreel specifically scratches the bottom while shaking the cup before a roll
    2. A stone that creates the sound of applause starting throughout the 30ft area if it is at least 30 feet from Yoreel and can hear him say the phrase "What do you think of that?"
    3. His rapier will trigger an illusion if it is being wielded and he says the phrase "Take this!".  That illusion is of his sword stabbing out towards the target faster and faster, while sunlight glints off the seemingly multiple points to add to the confusion (my attempt to get a once per combat advantage on a melee attack, feel free to veto)
    4. A coin purse that will appear to be full of stones, screws and nails if opened after Yoreel says the phrase "not that there's much to show", and convert the sound of coins clinking to sound more like the fake contents (rule check)?
    5. His cloak is enchanted so that if he says the phrase "You're not going to hit me!" and jumps to the side (i.e. dodge action), he will appear to split in half and form a clone as he moves. That clone will then lunge at his attacker with its rapier. (Also an attempt to get advantage on attack roles, though only when preceded with a dodge action and attack against him. Would fire off illusion regardless of if he's hit or not)

### Spell components/budget
1. 100gp - pearl for identify
2. 100gp - ink for 10 castings of illusory script
4. 1000gp - Crystal ball for scrying - Debating dropping spell
5. 100gp - Jade dust for programmed illusions (req 25, keeping extra in multiple pouches)
---
Total: 1300gp

### Spell swaps to debate
1. Scrying - shadow sword?
    1. If so try to buy Periapt of Health - 9k - uncommon
