## Session 19
* Intel from inventor guy
  * Gladiator matches every couple days
  * Xanathar the Beholder is getting more wary, dares not return?
* One group following up on hideout the blackstaff told us about
  * Supposedly another Xanathar hideout
  * Group gets in with the "The Bawdy star shines bright tonight" code phrase
    * Phrase means you're there for an arena fight
    * Is invited to relax there for the night as the fights don't start until tomorrow
    * Blackjack
    * Mention wanting to see Ahmaergo fight, though he rarely does. Too busy running the guild
    * Krull finds a heavily wounded man on a bed upstairs
* Pidgey's research
  * History of this thing's conflict with the gods: This stone is a very different size - Abolith would be the creature. Normally size Large, this is Tiny (size of my palm)
    * Well known for having a memory that is incapable of forgetting
    * Value knowledge + exp even at young ages. Psychically teach their young from an early age to transfer their knowledge.
    * Enemies of the gods, though uncertain if enemy of Oghma or not
    * Water based creature, sometimes still alive in the depths or in the Plane of Water.
  * Blackstaff
    * Also thinks Abolith. Thinks the missing pieces are perhaps integral to its memory
  * Pidgey swears an oath to Oghma that he will not take the Abolith without the Blackstaff's consent.
    * Essentially she can have it back at any time, but he can potentially claim it as reward for the return of the city's fortune
* Draumar
  * Goes to market in search of Cigars
  * Arranges date with the dwarf girl from before
  * Chickens out and leaves to join the rest of us
    * States it's urgent business for the Blackstaff
  * Unclear how she took this
* Morning
* Safehouse keeper opens a trapdoor, leads us down underground. She seems to be deliberately looping around to potentially mislead us or avoid followers
  * Row boats, cave system, much more winding, another hour spent traveling
* We arrive
  * Walls covered in what seem to be carvings of eyes. Which apparently blink sometimes
  * See arena with stands (x6). Something like 60ft diameter arena. Very few people in stands thus far
    * Raised platform off the side of it
  * Another area with creatures in cells
  * Come to what seems to be a Gladiator waiting area (x17)
    * Something like 30 people here
    * A number of Drow and other underdark races present. Humans and others as well
    * Guards by the various entrances/exits to bar passage
    * Center area (x18) has ambient light, large bronze bell, Xanathar symbol. Various life-sized statues of people -- Seem to be petrified
      * Like 40 non-petrified individuals in there
    * 2h to kill before fights begin
    * A group of Drow where one looks familiar, from the Gralhund manor. A well dressed young drow with a Rapier seems to be in charge of the group
    * Hooded elf looks familiar -- Sahein. Appears to be with the drow
  * Tell Ahmaergo you want to fight, he assigns battles/teams/etc
* Dwarf in important seat, fighting has started. Minotaur vs halfling woman
  * Pidgey sees an eyestalk that seems real floating off near the higher stage watching people
* Other minotaur tells Dhar Narg he came here willingly but was not permitted to leave

## Goals:
* Combat!
