## Session 5
* Emic Frune - Owns the Tavern next door, wants to expand it with us and split profits
  * Proposes 80/20 split. We pay for renovations/permanent fixtures. He runs day to day. 20% is essentially him paying rent.
  * Managing contracts for each of the guilds may be troubling. Specifically with the baker's guild
* Dera wins arena fight
  * Gets shot with an arrow from the stands
    * From 2:00 in the stands, roughly opposite us or something
    * Crowd parting over there. See a lone figure running up the stairs with a large bow
    * Arrow was poisoned, but he's okay
    * Glowing legs, jumps off the edge of the coliseum, 40ft onto the nearest house
    * Dark robes, dark green quiver, brown hair. Middle height, 5'6.
    * Heads south toward dock ward
  * Barnabus Blastwind and Cromley are lead investigators. Take dera to temple for healing
  * Dera believes it's Saehain - Potentially a loved one of somebody Dera ate?
    * Arrowhead is an unusual design. 2 points, somewhat serrated. Challenging to hit a target with but packs a bigger punch - @Tmnt may be able to get someone to make more for him
    * Dera ate his family 50y ago. They've been hunting each other for that length of time
* Monsters in the fields outside the city. If we take care of them Dagobert gets a plant
  * Some kind of talon-like track. Farmboy insists scarecrows coming to life at night. Gets laughed at.
  * Lead to the barn. Some damage and claw marks there. See the claws are more hand-shaped than talon-shaped. Perhaps a bear?
  * Was scarecrows, we killed them. And bled a lot
* Greenhouse across the street is owned by wood elf Falalalalalallaal
  * Runs an herbal remedy business (CAN BUY POTIONS)
  * Turtle is given seeds for a shaded plant that shouldn't be over-watered. It smells absolutely divine when bloomed. Water once every few days
