## Session 1
* Arriving in waterdeep along the northern gate
* Guard gets told something, then walks to the palace of Waterdeep. Krull and Pidgey followed.
* Waukeen festival
  * Near Palace: Seeing guild of Peters and Casters (?), as well as Surveyers and mapmakers
  * Bakers Guild-Bazaar Street
  * Saddlemaker-Selduth Street
  * Brewers/distillers guild
* Jelzar's Stride - Arena for games and such. Nothing going on at the moment however
  * Admission is 1sp/p
  * Games begin in 2 days, first day is booked solid with fights. Dhar Narg can participate on the third day from now
* Brewer mentions a lot of fighting going on recently in the city.
  * Believes it to be a gang war of sorts. Implies it is scaring off the locals
* The structure by Hillock Court is a keep/barracks for the city guard
* Morume and Dhar try to extort the breadbaker's guild? The lawyer asks to see their bread license
  * Oh shit, they have their own enforcer! Muscle-head dude.
  * Long convo with guards, somehow got away clean-ish. Implied they might look into this if presented with evidence
* At the tavern "The Yawning Portal"
  * Big hole is the entrance to the "under mountain"
    * Has a platform or bucket on some kind of winch
  * Meloon is met at tavern. Mentions being a member of the guard, a Captain. Open to recruits
    * Mentions seeing a big fight recently. Others breaking out across the city
* Some fellas pacing outside the tavern when the last of the party arrives
* Green hand rises from the pit after a while. Creature has bat-like creatures attached to it, and 3 more circling above it -- a TROLL!
  * Some of the bats get off the troll during combat and go back in the hole. Apparently satiated
  * After the bats and troll die, the shady fellas attack a half-orc (Yagra) who helped us. saying "like killing our kind, don't'cha"
    * Leader had a scribbled note we can't read
      * Krull rolls a 19 investigation on it. TBD
    * Ask Yagra about it. She says she protects a VIP in the back room. Specifically does not answer if the tattoos are related to who she protects
  * Guard captain (Meloon) stayed out of it because he knew what Durnan was capable of
  * Barkeep (Durnan) recognizes their arm tattoo's, kicks them out of bar after combat stops
    * Symbol of some form of gang. They have a great many safehouses. Guard captain lacks precedent to round up that whole gang
    * Saw a few in the Dock ward with that tattoo. Likely a hideout is there. Implies a desire for both location + evidence
* Volothamp Geddarm - Chronicler/Wizard/etc dude walks up to us. Has a misplaced friend who he believes was taken by the thugs we just fought. We'll be well paid
  * 125gp/p, 10g/p up front if we agree.
  * Flune Bragmar - More beauty than brains. Drinking companion. Skewered Dragon Tavern. Never made it home
    * Red-blond wavy hair, handsome. 6in unicorn head thing around neck. Luru's holy symbol
* Durnan - Trolls don't happen often, but frequent enough that people don't sit too close
  * Rumor of a mad mage in the Under Mountain holding god-like power.
  * Platform can lower folks down there. But it's the underdark so he doesn't recommend it
  * Obaya knows more (bar patron)
* Ending on long rest

## Goals for next session
* Find Flune - Handsome man with unicorn necklace
* Investigate gang safehouses
* Turtle's gang note
