## Session 2
* Apparently after the front door exploded a ghost got "ornery" and was upset with the mess left in the house. Sounds like this group of.... companions Quinze has decided to kill it afterwards
  * Somehow that aged Quinze? From a look it gave him? I guess this explains the minor spots of rust on him
* He mentioned interpretations again, he may be more aware of his patterns than expected. A most exciting development
* He doesn't seem to remember exactly how many allies he has. He knows some died, and some are upstairs, but not the counts
* Apparently upsetting the Kenku results in the minotaur killing you...I must remember to inquire later. Can't imagine how a kenku tamed a minotaur. I've never heard of such a thing happening.
* Worrying a little about Quinze's sense of morality... I think he advocated for a "blender in the brain" of one of his companions. Then again that dwarf was kind of asking for it.
* Quinze has learned sarcasm!?
* Hal has revived their friends?! I mean, it seems like they're barely alive but hey it's a start!
  * QUEST: His deal honestly sounds pretty fair. Mostly wants us to be his b-team for checking out the drow. We can keep or sell some of the items we find. Pays us if we bring back proof of the damage we cause the drow
    * 20 drow ear minimum for contract completion to show we had an actual impact. Alternatively we can show other evidence of our success, such as walking him through the wreckage of our actions (alarming?)
    * 3 month contract term