## Session 24
* Interrogate the lady
  * Tries to lie her way out, name is allegedy Ava
  * Manshoon is the guy who took over a few months ago. Has never met him. She came here to try to get out of the debt that her parents left her
    * No idea who he took over from. Leadership rarely reveals selves.
    * Potentially at the old tower, potentially the Kolat Towers
  * Zorbaag - Has been around longer than her, muscle, tall, enforcerer. Turami (Southern)
    * She claims he's the interrogator. Thate he does so next door.
      * Dhar Narg, Krull, Quinze go next door, find the door unlocked. The second room is locked from outside instead of inside. Can bar the door w/ it. Prisoner room? Find multiple instruments of torture, and an arcane circle on the floor in the corner. A dwarf is strapped down. Fake beholder cap stitched into his head, seems to have been blinded. Not the inventor we previously met
        * Asks for rescue, says he worked for the city
        * They take him to the grove and sit him on the stump
  * Reconvene at Quill street to see if the kidnapping has occurred.
    * No sign of a struggle or anything
  * Return to the house
    * Lady still there, snakes all there. Seemingly did nothing
    * Bring her to the blackstaff's tower
  * Krull and Quinze leave the tortured dwarf with the druids, seemingly forgetting to bring him to a temple at the end of the night
* To the old tower!
  * Enter the first floor, hear chanting further in. Quinze walks into (02), a 15ft tall room with circular staircases going up and down. Sconces, lit torches, chanting above.
  * 2nd floor: 4 hooded figures, a young woman with a staff, all chanting over a person tied to a table. A well muscled man in the corner is speaking to a man watching the procession. Missing an arm from the elbow down, replaced with a golden mechanical hand.
    * He's heard of our group. Says we've been running around causing a whole lot of trouble, quite a bit for him. His name is Manshoon.
    * Demands the stone, loosely confirms he kidnapped Renair, combat ensues
      * Kill all but Manshoon, he goes invisible and tomfoolery ensues. The sheer volume of attacks eventually win out, only for us to find out that what we killed was a Simulacrum.
    * Jarix and Pidgey don't survive
      * Reminder: Blackstaff is a high level caster _wink_
      * Reminder: level 5 now!
* A cartographer's guild clerk had the gall to suggest mapping might be difficult for me. Clearly I must correct his misconception. We bought the maps for 10g a piece, if I complete/confirm them they'll buy them back from us at 15g a piece.
  * 2 maps