## Session 21
* Get out of the smoke and go back to X17
* Eyes on pillars looking everywhere. Guards slain in the entryways. Drow are missing. Deep Gnome jester sitting there smiling watching the chaos
  * As we walk by Jester says "want a tour?" and runs to X2
  * See a door close on the left of S2 with two guards or bandits running in. Jester tells us it's guards quarters
* Bandits running all over the place
* Guard bars our way up the X1 staircase
  * He tells us if he lets us go up them, he is dead. And that he can't run with us because they're covered in traps.
  * Points to the control room the Jester pointed out when asked how to disable
* Morume tests a mage hand in the room, a beam of light shoots from an eye and disintegrates it. They seem to only work once, but there are many
* The guards Quinze was holding off catch up, fight ensues. Maxi takes an arrow to the knee
* Guard says Jester has been around for a while, but doesn't seem untrustworthy. Just cracked in the head
* Guard walks over to eye by the hidden door, presses his thumb into it. This causes the door to the control room to open
* Room (x16) w/ 5 swarves in circle on the ground. Big battle around the corner
  * Battle sounds by x8 hallway label
  * Large runed circle they're all sitting in. They all have large purple eye tattoos atop their bald heads. All have closed their eyes, show no reaciton to our entry or conversation
* X13 - Workshop
* X10 - Quarters - officer? Single bed only, marble bathtub in center of room. Some beast in a cage
