## Session 14
* Stairs going up lead to confectionary
  * Trail of goop goes to the door
  * Pidgey flies up to see if he can track. Sees a guard dragging him back to the tower
* Note mentions smokePowder being delivered on the 1st
* Pidgey attempts to harvest the adhesive from the mimic's tongue
  * 2 vials
* Kobold interrogation
  * Claims to be kidnapped, rather than working for the Xanathar guild. Claims to have been used as food
* Talk to blackstaff
  * Worries about where her guards went. Sends a note (to them?) magically
  * We owe money for torturing a citizen. She will discount for our work clearing the sewer -- 1200gp owed
  * She has found their primary hideout. In 3 days they have a gladiatorial bout to celebrate a holiday. This is our prime opportunity to infiltrate.
* When we go home we see two people waiting for us
  * Old man, and one other. A Page for CastleLanterns, a noble family in town. They request our presence at their villa.
  * Old man was told about our house by Volothamp
    * Village to the north having families go missing. Worried the town may end up abandoned
* Dhar Narg gets his banner
* We go to the rich house the page told us to
  * They know about the injured employee from in front of our house. They believe that the fortune the former city-lord left is the Stone of Galore, and that the key was taken off the body. Three pieces. They have one. Impossibly smooth, glass-like emerald
  * They were contracted by Asmodeus, and owe him either 1 million gold or their children's souls
  * It is said lord NeverEmber took half a million gold
  * Offer us 100k to get them this fortune
