## Session 2
* Guild of master shipwrights at dock & fish intersection
* Looking for Flune
  * Bar is small, doesn't look great
  * Spoiled rich noble
  * Fight near the end. Tattoo of flying black snake
  * Xo-blob's shop nearby
    * Seems old and dusty, potentially magical
    * Was 6 on 1 fight. Saw them going down Adyr lane. Up Wastral alley
      * Black leather armor
    * Find a unicorn head, looks like it could be from the necklace. Only string and unicorn head, not the full necklace
* Officers with corpses and 3 bloody prisoners
  * Gut alley and Blackstar Lane
  * Prisoners all have tattoo of flying snake
  * Corpses have tattoo of circle with spokes
  * ASK MELOON ABOUT IT
* Snail and Shesstra's street - Guild of fine carvers
  * Well protected/guarded
* Honorable Knight statue
  * Not a lot of folks to the south. Seedier, not a lot of foot traffic, people hurry about
  * Darker area to the south as well. Tall buildings letting less light through
  * Candle lane has some connected buildings, block a lot of light, dark area.
  * Find a Symbol of flying snake there on a warehouse door
* Warehouse
  * High fence, locked door
    * Pidgey flies up a little to look past the fence into the yard. Finds: Large door, door with flying snake (damaged, recently forced open)
  * Some windows around back
    * Kankoo sitting inside - Flightless humanoid bird, runs off upon seeing us
    * Second story window: Too dark to see
    * Birds have circle with spokes tattoo on their arms. Wrong gang, may explain why the door was broken down and they were so defensive
      * "Xanathar sends its regards"
    * Find Renaer Neverember in back room
      * Friend of Flune, was taken with him, he thinks they thought he was Renaer -- Did not know Volothamp
        * Lives in Sea ward, Neverember house
      * Snake folks think his father embezzled money, and that they can get the Dragon's Coin(s) -- Stone of Galore may be the key to this. Also looked for 3... somethings
        * Hasn't spoken to father in years -- fled the city at the allegations
      * Xanths thought he would know where the coin is. Stole his locket from his mother - Solid gold chain, chamber with gem on inside
        * Find broken remains of it upstairs. Ruby from inside is gone -- Was uncommonly round
      * Thugs took them, then fight broke out -- Zhentarim = flying snake
    * "Follow the yellow signs in the sewer" -- To find their hideout
* Destro goes to market, finds out some gang members with a dwarf or something were by thunderstaff way
  * Xanathar's have been around for years, Zhentarim are new in town
* Captain Stagget - Oversee's the Dock Ward - Let's us off, can't spare men to help
* Long rest back at tavern, Wake up ~8pm
