## Session 12
* Mechanical device on table, tools around it was being worked on presumably by the dwarf
  * Dwarf is hiding under the table
    * Was working on a mechanical Beholder (it isn't working) (15ftx15ft)
    * Claims not to be of a clan. Working for Xanathar
    * Saw some Kenku a couple days ago
    * Says he previously did his work in the main headquarters, points it out on our map for us
  * Seems to think he'll be fine if he reaches the blackstaff
  * Take some gauges and such that seem valuable before attempting to burn the rest of the metal beholder
    * *N'arl* helped research the construction of this thing. Has knowledge of the underdark, is a higher up in the Xanathar gang
* "Personnel only" door is too hard. We go to a storefront to exit, presumably of the gang's. The Orb Confectioners
* Dwarf calls out to guards when we're above ground. Seems eager to reach the blackstaff.
* We take him back to our house, guards will come to escort us in a couple hours
* Blackstaff. We all tell contradictory stories of what was happening
  * Leave dwarf with her
  * She tells us to clear the rest of the lair, and that she'll compensate us for the value of the metal found there.
  * She will investigate the confectioner's shop. Her men are already en route.
  * Up to 1500g in fines for Cat's actions
* Dhar Narg scopes out shop. Sees a gnome and half orc guard enter, then later leave. Sends two city guard to tail them, waits for us with his last city guard.
  * Inside we find a Xanathar toy doll. The purple shop had the same (gay gnome shop on map)
  * Tracks leading downstairs. Fire seems to have damaged vehicle, but the thicker parts are in tact
  * Side room has an empty chest and recently cleared desk
    * Likely the pair Dera had tailed
* Other door seems to be covered in a dough-ey sludge. Kobold laying in it struggling to get up. Blob of similar material
