## Session 24
* Check out Womford farms
  * Ankeg
    * Large dog, small horse. Similar to Hydralisk. Single claw tunneling. Nocturnal
    * Rarely more than say 4-5 adults present. Could be as few as one. May have smaller spawn present if a mated pair or harem.
  * 4 tunnels found, Xano gets it on a map, all southern farms. Likely nesting south of the farms
  * Kai next level tracking - Finds layer, can get us directly above it via talent + hunter's mark
  * Two Ankeg's in the cavern, half a dozen eggs. BURN THEM ALL!
  * 64gp reward
* Head towards Rivergard Keep and the water cult
  * GrimJaw is the leader of the castle, we get let into the courtyard to see him
  * Seems to have a lot of hired help. Less cult-like than the others have been. Some of them are craftsmen trying to work on all the disrepair of the keep
    * Hired help is... grimy. Potentially prisoners, hard to tell. Keep's gate protocol is pretty strict
  * Grimjaw looking for "skilled hands or trade"
    * A couple groups "harrying" him lately. He'd like to see them knocked down a peg -- sooooo he might like us?
      * "I let them cross my river" -- "my", significant
      * Confirms he was referring to the other two cults
      * Asks us to go on one of his boats to protect it from Feathergale attack. Implies he knows what happened to the general's body and will tell us after
      * Strongly implies it is illicit goods. Reveals nothing
  * Gate seems to have dedicated workers hidden in a tower. Gate vs portcullis are one at a time, so you're trapped in a "killbox" for a period
  * The other mercs in the room are visibly scared when he comes out. The worksmen seemed afraid of everybody

## Next Goals
* Do the boat mission
  * Learn from Grimjaw about "the dead elf and the dignitaries"
