## Session 60
* Going to Nightstone for... reasons
  * Rain nearly slows us down but Rangers rock
  * A fort was made to protect the village from wood elves way back when. The LA eventually forged an alliance with the elves, the fort has since fallen into disrepair. Town never became a major trading post, mostly just a small village folks sometimes stop in to rest
* Hear a rumble, very consistent, getting louder as we proceed. Think it may be heading in our direction. Early morning, an hour from town.
  * Charging out of the woods are 3 large armored low-squat lizards the size of houses
    * Ankle-a-saur - Dinosaurs. Usually peaceful, these look to be otherwise. Tail swings around like a giant club
  * May be fleeing?
  * As we calm them, we hear another roar. A 20-30ft tall bipedal lizard comes running up
    * We kill the t-rex
    * Finliphy harvests some dino meat and a few teeth (6)
* Nightstone village - Mostly humans, a few halflings and such
  * Looks of shock and fear  as they see us. Duck into their homes. Seemingly wary of Chad
  * 4 buildings in center of town, forming the "main" intersection. Dirk's (Blacksmith), The Hungry Pixy (General store), Thorn and Stone (Tavern), the Rusty Fox (Tavern)
  * Release the cat, it goes to the Rusty Fox and curls up by the fire. All conversation stops as we enter.
  * A couple nwe arrivals upstairs (elves). The Tiefling is also new in town
  > Are these the ones that are gonna kill us all? I'm more worried about the tiefling in the corner, things haven't been going well since she got here
  * Brown elf seems disdainful of Finliph. Calls him high-born
    * Another in the room has bow drawn, arrow nocked while the one in the hall speaks to Finliph
    > We do not need your help.
  * Tiefling
    * Talking to cat in hushed voice
  * Valicia then starts sniffing each of our feet
  * Bar seems to get less tense when they hear Finliph complain about the elves
  * Tiefling
    * Hear of our group, heard we were dead. Heard that many months ago we came across a deranged necromancer in a cave. He left behind an item. I was wondering if I could purchase that item off of you (implied to be driftglobe).
      * Xano asks for double what Sealvur told us it was worth, she immediately says "done"
      * Clearly indicates the does indeed have the funds for it. Says it's a family heirloom. Claims to be up to nothing nefarious, as it only sheds light
      * She has a fair bit of magic coming off of her. None seem like illusion though
    * The battle w/ the elves lasted many years. Fear of reprisal still exists. Two upstairs make the rest nervous.
    * 8000 gold, deal happens now. She casts dominate person to get it
    * Chad dispels magic, Xano grabs the ball again and says if she wants to play like that the price is going up. 8k + answers.
    * She counters with 9k and no answers
    * Finliph grabs the orb from Xano and the Tiefling
    * Tiefling - 9k was the offer, answers will cost you gold
    * Xano counters 7k, what she'll do with it, how she knew we had it
  * Party veto's the sale. She sits down, pulling out 14 platinum bars and lines them up on the floor (50 coins per bar, so 500gp/bar. 7k gold worth of plat)
  * When we re-iterate that the deal is off she casts Hypnotic pattern, party rolls for initiative