## Session 103
* The boats getting away! Buy some horses -- 120gp
  * We make it to the river, don't see a boathouse though. See some places it opens up a bit and might accomodate a boathouse
  * The one on the north bank has some fallen trees that are rotting in a ~40ft area
    * Xano thinks spells could cause this, maybe a desecration or some form of necromancy
    * Fanny detects magic and sees nothing. Meaning either it wasn't powerful, or wasn't recent
  * Finliph recalls the previous one was on the south bank
* We wait at the boathouse for 2h, still no sign of the boat
* Long rest over the night, still nothing. Go to the mansion to see if there's anything there worth noting before we head back towards the high forest
  * Kai sees fresh steps by the portal. Could be from Fanny a couple days ago?
  * Go into the mansion, hear lots of clattering for a few seconds after Fanny sends an illusory copy of herself in
    * Appears to have been a cat. Who after knocking over a suit of armor ends up eating Midnight
    * Finliph straight up murders the cat
  * There are many paintings, Fanny thinks she could sell a few for an average of 3gp/ea
  * Find some Rundreth cherry brandy, in a possible bottling room. History check tells us the noble family kind of vanished decades ago, then showed up on the local scene distilling fine brandies. 300gp to the right buyer
    * Fanny then takse a whole stack of the label paper, restores it with magic, and inspects to see if it matches the properly labeled bottle
    * Kai finds several bottles of the glue used. They have fully solidified but they might be restorable later
    * Silver placesettings probably worth a total of 90gp, maybe 100 or more from a collector if the box is found with them
  * In one eventual room, all the furniture and cutlery fly out and towards the party. Even the rug attacks
