## Session 14
* Drag marks seem to lead straight to the river, which turns out to be carving a canyon. Bit of a cliff.
  * Signs of battle on both sides, some blood, feathers, etc
  * Initial attack from west -> east, the east folks managed to cross and do battle. Then the victors dragged the bodies inland and buried them
  * Only one kind of feather found on this side, all I can tell is that it is Aaracockra
  * No sign of convoy or carts or anything. Seemingly unrelated to the envoys
* Decide Ferryman is best bet, follow river south. 1.5d to Womford, arrive at night at Bargewright inn
* Find the ferryman
  * He was threatened, went up north for 10g to ferry people across by Rivergard keep
  * Met them, they got under attack, they offered him gold to get them across
    * Assassins attacked by Aaracockra faction?
  * Tall man, cloak, weird symbol under it (`Symbol-Triangle`). Mostly humanoid, well equipped. Many humans, two dwarfs. One Elf
  * Boat faction won the battle. Had gold, scrolls, the Sword, etc
  * Sacred stone monastary was mentioned
* Go to inn, decide on course of action
  * Will get Ferryman to meet us by battlesite, he'll take longer to get there than us so we'll stop off at summit hall on the way to see if the body was brought
  * Long rest, search for larger ferry in the AM
* Paid 15gp for charter to just south of battle site, we will meet them there after we go to summit hall
* Not the friendliest greeting, but we decide to stay and try to swap info
  * Captain comes out eventually, we tell him from the LA, he lets us in
  * Envoys were expected fully a week ago. They had heard two weeks ago that they arrived in Beliard (Way longer than one would expect it to take, unless they were attending to business there)
    * Good horse market there, livestock trading and such
    * Reports of bandits on the road, some were "assisted"
      * Sightings of avian races in the area, more so than usual
        * Usual meaning occasional visitors from the high forest. Cordial relations but not serious. Less than current
        * More to the northwest
    * To their knowledge, envoys were to proceed here directly. No stops along the river
  * Assume there's not much more to gain here, so we depart

## Next session goals
* Investigate east bank of battle site
* Return red larch?
  * Ferry to Inn to Horses on road may be fastest
* Beliard? Did they stay for a week, leave immediately, etc?
