## Session 87
> NO! WE MUST DESTROY IT, STOP LOOKING INTO IT. WE MUST PROTECT REDLARCH!
* Xano fails his save, starts attacking Finliph thinking it's Windharrow
* He goes to dig a furrow in the ground to try collapsing the portal
  * As he moves around it Kai notices that the aperture is changing. When the driftglobe is near it makes the portal fuzzy. When it's away the portal gets fuzzy.
  * Portal tries to pull the driftglobe towards it. Seems to be shrinking towards being the driftglobe's size
  * We go to the surface to recover, with a plan to come back tomorrow with dispels to drop the barrier
* On the surface
  * Go to gladham ranch and back
  * Kai hunts two deer on the way back to help feed the refugees
    * Slightly leaner than he expected, but seemingly healthy enough
    * A few wild vegetables as well, though a bit picked over
  * Ask Priest Alejandro if he can help close a portal, or dispel magic
    * He also suggests the portal is to shadowfel.
* Gladham ranch - Still looks thoroughly ransacked. Oddly reminiscent of our first visit
  * Nearest farm in the same condition. No signs of feathers, weapons, talon marks, etc. Impossible to tell if weapons were orcish vs goblin vs human
* As far as the refugees know Saelvur died in the first earthquake
* Night passes uneventfully. Refugees seem tired and exhausted, but their spirits are higher. Better food, a potential end to some of their woes, no attack last night.
* Back in the tunnel
  * Dispel works on protection, still hard to destroy runes after
  * Damage one, it glows orange after protections come back up
  * Finliph approaches, instead of rippling like purplish water, it starts to look like glass. Every light in the cave turns white
    * The dark orb?
    * Dark orb feels vibrarion and push, whereas light felt vibration and pull
    * Identify: Everything we already knew, no portal-related knowledge
  * Double-dispel closes portal, shows a wall of stone. This thing was a solid slab of stone all along!
    * Spiral pattern underneath full of runes and runes and runes
    * ALPHA STRIKE!
      * We do manage to crumble the whole portal's stone structure. 5 large pieces, lots of debris!

## Next session
* Check for ruins of Saelvur's sundries and magic items
* Todo: Return to first dungeon, check for portals?