## Session 55
* Find ourselves surrounded 3/4 of the way by a dozen people. Humanoids, mostly human. All with crossbows aimed at us
  * More towards center of ship, 2 individuals catch our attention
    * Tall lanky black-scaled dragonborn w/ sword at his side - Cygax
    * Female orc. Tattoo'd, Uthgard origin (barbarian?)
* Term of service is "Until the dragon comes back and tells me otherwise"
* They make us disarm and drop all our gear
  * They cast a spell on us, detect magic
  * Chad is taken to the kitchen to help cook for the crew, the rest are told to make the deck so clean the captain can eat off it
    * Is told he needs to feed 40 people
    * Taken down _2_ decks
    * 10 cannons up top, another set on the deck below (20), 2 large sails towering above us, cargo hatch. 200 ft long ship (frigate style/size)
* It's mid-morning, thursday Sept 8. We were gone 2.5 months. June 26th we had gone into the water plane
* 2 pirates watching each of us, the rest going about their daily duties maintaining the ship
  * Xano makes the middle of the ship smell like fresh pine by prestidigitationing his bucket. Finliph by the back, kai in the front
* Finliph pokes at the Orc, says her tribe has been wiped out. She confesses she's been away many years. Threatens Finliph until he tells her more
  * "You're lucky my love said not to kill you yet"
* Xanovor notices there's a particular crewman who frequently gets pushed or kicked
* Kai tries to figure out destination
  * Koran Archipeligo may be where we're headed
* Chad attempts to make the food such that it'll cause food poisoning
* Rest for the night, whole party makes con saves
  * Ship lurches into a new direction. Seems like an abrupt turn
    * Whole crew on one side of ship, staring out into the ocean
    * Water is black in the darkness, but off in the distance, opposite the glow of Waterdeep is an eerie green glow
      * Vague singing as well
  * Crew appears to be under the effects of Enchantment magic
    * Kai finds our gear over the next few minutes
    * It's getting louder, appears to be coming from a ship that is getting closer
    * Random crewman steering, Green haired/skinned elf standing near them
      * Sea elf -- Water is their home
  * Chad casts silence around the wheel and attempts to steer us away
  * See it has 1-2 dozen people on deck, all look ragged and torn. "They look terrible"
    * At the wheel we see one not singing. As we pull away he turns his head and looks straight at Chad. His mouth moves and he seems to utter something we can't hear.
    * They appear to be in pursuit of a whale. A whale that appears to be nothing but a skeleton
* As the situation seems to be resolved, Kai starts shoving crewman overboard. Gets 2 of them, after the 3rd the Green elf stops him, sword in hand
  * The pushed crewman start swimming towards the eerie ship
  * Kai tells him to look over there, and pushes another crewman off while the elf looks away
* Elf points out that if we push too many over we can't get home
  * When pressed on why follow these orders, she says "Becuase this is what we elected to do"