## BATTLE ROYALE! (2 sessions)
* When scouting Kai sees all the ranking village members, but only 60-75% of the warriors he expected to attack the elves
* Round 5 - Eladrin all turn to each other and exlaim: "The nixies!" then vanish
  * Subset of pixies, related to nymphs. Fey, residing near lakes and rivers. Having several around is a bit symbiotic for the lake. Leads to healthy lake.
  * Based on the concern maybe the orcs are defiling a nearby lake?
* Round 6: Retreat w/ elves back to their village. Hear wooshing sounds from some of the larger trees. Some exhausted looking Eladrin step out, looking meloncholy. Whatever they saw when they left has left them looking rattled.
  * This attack was a feint. A significant force went to the lake and captured several Nixies, making off with them.
  * No idea why the orcs want them. This is a first.
  * Unclear if the lake will stay healthy without them, may jeapordize the village
    * It looks like if the full force came they could have wiped out the village. After all the harrying why go for the Nixie?
    * An attempt to corrupt them? Towards who knows what end
      * Olhydra? Maybe somehow corrupting them will assist him in crossing over? Eladrin don't know enough to confirm/deny
  * Stuffed their ears to counter the nixie song that is their usual defense
* Village seems secure enough for now. Need to touch base with Finliph and Fanny over these developments.

## Todo
* Sending spells to Fanny/Fin after we catch up on their arc
* Short rest at minimum for Kai/Xano