## Session 27
* Go to Rivergard. See wolves following us in the distance
  * Hellhounds
    * Used the way humans use dogs. Similarly good for tracking
    * From hell, had to be summoned to this plane
* Continue on to Rivergard & our horses
* Grimjaw's answers
  * The delegation, body, whole group -- Waylaid by earthen cult
  * On their way across were attacked by feathergale
  * Took the delegation, left the body after capturing delegation
    * Body should still be on trail to summit hall, though likely picked over (2.5w ago)
  * He sells earthen cult supplies, they leave him alone. They largely keep to themselves
    * Calls them Strong, Resilient, Entombed. Good customers since they can't grow food
    * Word has it they were digging for something. And that they found it. And that they're happy about it. Months ago.
  * Trade 1 nethrise ring for 3 questions
    * What is the true purpose of the druid conclave
      * It is a front. They seek acolytes, kill any who don't measure up
    * We know the feathergale are trying to build their strength as well, to what end are these groups building their power base
      * They're preparing. Things are happening. The world is changing. Surely you've seen it. Only the strong will survive it. Those with power, knowledge, they will survive
    * How does Olhydra feel about these other factions (Feathergale, earth, fire) building up their power base
      * I don't know what she thinks or what her purpose is. I just know that she shows that work gets results. I'm doing the work I know how to do, and it's getting me what I need.
  * So what do you want done?
    * Do we want to make another delivery to the orcs?
      * Offers 50gp/ea, we take 2 crates each. Deliver the weapons to the bugbears at the fire enclave... The ones we killed
      * Crates will wait for us in the AM
* Go after body, find wagons. Terrible condition. Essentially completely destroyed.
  * Fifth wagon in the middle is almost untouched. Ceremonial, honorific
  * Some skeletal bodies left in the middle, clearly left for a while
  * See eight bandits going through the wagons
  * Plan: Invisible Kai, tremors -> whispers -> booming voice
  * Alternate: follow them, sleep in AM. Go to rivergard and see what gets said

## Goals
* Report to Rivergard keep
* Return codebook to Lords Alliance
