## Session 82
* We go up 40ft to a nearby cave. There's a door on the opposite wall.
  * Purplish brazier tha appears to be quite old. Producing glow seemingly by magic, but flickers and pulsates like a torch
    * Fanny finds that it is _quite_ old. Possibly so much so as to be valuable
  * Kai detects a portal deeper into the hill, ~250ft away. Seemingly through this door
  * Through the door is a small hallway. 15ft in it opens up into a larger room. 40ft into it is another of those eerie flamed torches
    * Symbol on the floor appears to be Nethrise in nature. Possibly an ancient death god. Predates the dwarven stuff
    * Skeleton is present. Has largely decayed steel equipment. It plays dead when we shove it, then swings at Kai as he tries to disarm it
  * Cave network seems to have streetlights? Similar glow to the other ones
    * Not a continual Flame casting or Everlasting Torch as far as we can tell
    * Turns white as Xano approaches
  * Crystals growing from the ground, seemingly in all kinds of colors
    * Seem to be quartz, though of unusual colors
  * Door: "Only the dead know"
    * Not written in common, but Kai just knows that's what it says
    * 5 compartments, 4x9 that we seem to be meant to place something in
* Large lizard monster heading north
* Cabin along the left path. Very old wooden cabin. Kai finds a chest under the bed
  * Coins, and a creepy ivory statue, as well as a bronze crown
    * 250gp of nethrise coins. Possibly sellable to a collector?
  * Useful for the door sockets?

* Fanny is Alizar's son
  * Says they never got along
  * Hasn't seen him in a long while, doesn't know if he's alive or dead. Doesn't care to see him