## Session 50
* re: monster, canals seem ~15ft deep. Uncertain if it could go through them or not
* Long rest in the bacon room where we killed the sleeping folks
  * Chad hears some movement, but doesn't see anything out the arrowslits. Footsteps, voices, etc.
* Finish exploring to the south
  * Left path: Troll living under a bridge
    * Engage him, troll emerges from door on the right as well
    * Seaweed Finliph fails to cast Firebolt. Due to vocal component? It tried to speak and nothing came out
  * Enter the "Troll Hole" (without paying a toll)
* Across the lower bridge to the left, Finliph sees somebody down the hallway
  * Looks over his shoulder and gives a nod
  * Morbeth is his master
    * Morbeth's master is - Pulls out a small red fleshy object, which he then bites into - Triggers wis save on Finliph
      * Finliph's vision goes dark, he sees a huge orc charging at him. One of the top orcish generals that he saw at the spine of the wolrd. Closes his eyes tightly and the hallway is back when he opens them
      * Calls Olhydra the one god who exists down here
* Morbeth chambers: Seems to include a small lab. Various implements, bottles, jars.
  * Two glass vials on the body
    * One has a blueish liquid that transforms between cloud and liquid
    * The other is a potion of healing
  * Air gets cold as we approach his desk. To the point where a small mist creeps along the floor. There's a small dampness even to the table itself
    * Definitely some kind of arcane nature. Potion-making in particular seems to have been an interest. Some amount of general experimentation as well. Attempting to create something magical with water. Magic specifically, not alchemy
    * The reagents themselves are not inherently magical in nature, though they seem like he was trying to enchant them
    * The mist appears to be magical - Transmutation aura on it
    * Three bugbears from the room below
      * Xano made them fight each other before we engaged
    * Barrel/cistern room: Copper vats and cisterns. One bursts open as we enter. A creature made of fetid beer and chemicals emerges and swings at Xano
      * ATTACK ROLL NOT MADE YET