## Session 95
* Fanny - Wakes up on the altar, portal overhead. Figure silhouette  through it. Robed figures all around. Talking. Chanting. The portal becomes brighter and brighter. The chanting fades to whispers. Her hearing returns, her vision returns, the sound of wind fills her ears again. Jolted conversation from those around her
  * Rumbling through the portal. "This will not work. Her faith protects her. Her body and soul belong to someone else. Get rid of her!"
  * "My Lord, we have nobody else for you right now." - Describe how we freed all the slaves and got them out. They have to start again if they cannot use Fanny
  * Yan See Bin declares he has all the time in the world, find him someone else
  * One has an idea. People south of here, always looking for slaves. Might trade one for another, can have it done in a couple days
    * "Very well, make it happen!"
  * Fanny awakens later, in a cart. She promptly decides to rest.
  * A few hours later she hears the din of a city. She believes she hears the sound of running water as well
  * She gets unloaded and dropped onto a wooden surface. Hears chanting, the light outside changes in hue, then returns to normal a few seconds later. The sound of the city is gone. Thrown onto ground, hear sound of metal door closing, lock being clicked.
* Finliph
  * Takes off with the little girl, finds his way out quickly with the wind guiding him. Tries to use the wingsuit to escape while still holding the girl.
  * At the top he encounters the Genie we freed, who promptly helps him leave. Shares that he had helped the rest make it out to the caverns
  * Some stuff happened
  * Sees people headed for Red Larch. Catches up to them. Barrow recognizes him and he sees that these are all the prisoners we helped escape.
    * Barrow points out that going back is a terrible idea, should wait here to see if his friends catch up
  * Goes back, is told by the Genie that none of his friends have come back, in fact nobody else has come through the temple. Though there are other paths out of the caverns
  * Makes a bargain to find some Blue Tiles like where we first met him, and bring them. In exchange the Genie will tell any of the rest of us he sees that Finliph is in Red Larch. Five Tiles, the genie hasn't seen them in centuries, will cast a spell to compell Finliph to try
  * Finliph long rests with some rations. Something is being written in the ground by an invisible hand. He hears psychicly that the Genie saw Fanny on a cart heading south, somehow. Not sure how she got out
  * Finliph goes to track the cart, ends up at Bargewright Inn. They saw someone come through pretty quickly
    * There was a blue guy on top of the boat that came through recently
    * Finliph long rests again
* Xano and Kai find themselves in a Yurt, on a fur-lined blanket. The smell is godawful. Carcasses, rot, death. But we're alive, and alone. We hear an argument outside
  * We should attack now, the time is right, they are weak! No they recently summoned something, we can't commit our troops until we know what. ETC ETC, in orcish.
  * 3-4 orc's right by door, having the argument we hear. Kai can tell from his history that these are an Uthgart tribe, that at least two are _very_ high ranking members, and there are at least half a dozen other tents. This is likely a small village, not a camp/outpost.
  * Old forest, huge tree trunks, 5ft around
  * Pass without a trace, w/ Eagle noise distraction from Xano. A couple orcs walk off to investigate. One orc sticks his face into the yurt
    * We stay as still as possible, in the back, and he doesn't see us though he did notice that the blanket was disturbed.
    * "Who the fuck was in my yurt?!"
  * We cut our way out, and start sneaking. We see that this is a village of hundreds.
  * The village is walled! Logs have been driven into the ground and made pointy. Not really climbable. 4 Guard posts (ladder + platform) around the wall
  * We light a ladder on fire as a distraction, and manage to scale the wall to get out. From there we run about 20m away, and mark the direction of the camp before resting.