## Session 54
* Ash 'n Tinder bar - Has a crowd by the windows - Painting?
  * Clientelle has much more varied sizes than on the material plane. 3ft - 11ft range on average. Even a Dragon-print outside with a foot-span of 18 inches across
  * Beautiful woman stops Kai. Asks his price for one of his "flavors"
    * Kai says she can't afford them, and that they're for the Overlord in the keep
    * She questions him knowing the overlord. He replies that he doesn't, just knows they're who they're for. She eventually backs off, but says she'll keep an eye out for us. And that Kai should watch himself.
  * Inside is a dragon a bit bigger than a horse, and about 15ft long (Large on dnd maps, not Huge)
    * Only being in the bar other than us who has color. Green dragon.
    * Green dragons: Generally Evil, clever, etc. Something seems off about this one though. Chad notices it's actually a Gem Dragon, psionic dragons. Fickle in nature, prideful, superiority complex. Neither good nor evil. Somewhat neutral but fickle.
    * Seems 200 years old, "young adult" phase.
    * Transfixed, staring at Chad
  * Folks helping themselves to food and drink. A couple corpses on the floor. Some tussling going on for all of it. Bartender appears to be either missing or uncaring.
  * Kai shoves his way to the bar, but eventually Curiosity, Envy, Greed seem to distract the crowd as they notice the rest of us behind him.
  * Large empty space above the bar where something used to hang. About the size of a painting perhaps? A small furry creature in color (amber/brown) about as tall as a gnome searching the ground. Head picks up and we notice it looks like a squirrel. Essentially is a gnome-sized squirrel
    * May be leading towards painting? We follow. Small crate in corner, seems to have a shipping label or something. Squirrel investigates it then turns around abruptly
      * Ava Cleverpaw, lives in the big tree.
      * Ratatosk - Creature out of fairy tales. Denizen of Yggdrasil. Scouts and messengers helping to keep the way clear on the tree and help travelers pass
        * Looks between the box, the empty space, and us. Asks for help finding his friend in exchange for guiding us
* Quest for Friend:
  * Painting was here yesterday, crate was not
  * Jozroth is the friend - Mezoloth - Insectoid, 7ft tall, 4 arms, buggy head. Was the barkeep.
    * We've seen a couple around.
    * Was here yesterday when Ava came for lunch. "This is the Gray Wastes, everybody has ill will for everybody"
      * Shipping label: From: Dakinmae, To Nakrim
        * Nakrim is the overlord, Ava doesn't know who Dakinmae is
        * Dakinmae: "Water of darkness" or "Dark Water" in an extremely old tongue
          * Dragon knows more, is holding back. Claims he's never heard of Olhydra
      * Box is bigger than Jozroth was tall. By an extra foot or two. 9x3x2ft. Much larger than the painting
        * Inside is something finely polished. Wood, stone? Texture like Marble maybe. Bit of an angle. Statue or Armor or something maybe. Insectoid Face with large bulbous eyes and antennea. Throat broken and cut
    * Complained yesterday about somebody. Runs a small black market, runs afoul of others  who run such shops
      * Thalvol - is a Flitterstep - Creature made of light
      * Rugranor - is a Quetzacoatl - Tall skinny feathered creatuer with head of an owl
  * Most of the folks here are at least semi-regular customers. Including the dragon
  * Dragon says out loud that Ratatosk's can be tricksters, having heard Xanovor's message cantrip to Kai
  * Ask Ava to meet us back here in an hour or so
* Color is a symbol of status, all these folks probably want us as slaves.
  * They know not to mess with Ava. "Pick a fight and win" to get them to back off
    * If Ava doesn't return from here a small army will return. Thousands.
* When we go near the dragon, all the eyes scatter. Nobody wants to been looking at it. It side-eyes us "What?"
  * Says he can help us get home. Sniffs us and notes that we are of the Material plane. Elf, elf, human, tiefling. Tiefling smells like the earth here.
  * Says he will do it in exchange for a favor or a trade. Notes Xano's interesting ring. Note's Finliph's _Armor_ and says it's still searching for a master. Notes Chad's cat.
* The room feels like it's about to explode with violence. Everybody wants to take us as their slaves, nobody wants to be the first to try it (the rest would likely kill them as they are more exposed)
* We discuss on a rooftop
  * Winged being who looks quite a bit like Kai lands next to us and looks at Kai. In Infernal: "Where did you find such wonderful specimans. Came to procure us for the Overlord
    * Cambion, we kill him. Loot - Black metal scalemail, Spear has flames on the end of it, 168gp (Flamebrand spear?)
* Share our info w/ Ava
* Dragon sends us to Waterdeep, with a smile.
  * We PlaneShift on the deck of a ship, waterdeep behind us. "We are in waterdeep's waters, and I call in my favor now. You are part of my crew."
  * Dragon is a different shade of green now. Is not Emerald dragon, is Green Dragon (Lawful evil)
  * "By the way, that crate was meant for me." - He planeshifts away