## Session 53
* As we awaken, Finliph and Kai feel... diminished. Foggy, less substantial, tingly. Their clothing seems slightly more dully colored than yesterday
* To the tree!
  * After an hour it doesn't appear any closer. The fog in the branches is likely actually clouds
* To the keep! Takes multiple hours
  * As we get close it seems to very abruptly rise up in front of us. A sheer cliff, 50 ft high then another. Seems every bluff is abrupt and atop a sheer cliff. Long angular columns, hexogonal structures.
  * Xano uses his flight ability to go up and tie 2 ropes up there for the others to climb
    * occasional white skeletons on there, hexogonal steps leading further into the mountains. More cliffs stretching into the sky made of the same hexogonal rock. In the distance can see a structure rising from it. 3 creatures flying our way very quickly (Greater Gargoyle, 2 Werebats)
      * Werebats change shape into goblins as we kill them
  * Move on to next set of cliffs
  * Small shack against this next cliff face. This cliff is several hundred feet high, and has the first tower of the keep atop it.
  * We catch a small glimpse of movement + color. A herd of ~20 horses with bright orange manes and tails.
    * Small wire fence around them
    * The orange parts are moving of their own accord, seemingly fire!
      * They are Nightmares, not horses. "Demon horse", "Hell horse". Sentient and evil creatures. Can be loyal if you prove yourself to one though.
        * And they can go invisible?!
  * The hut turns out to be a hollow, in which is a blue skeletal snake
    * Snake can talk, asks us to shut up and leave
    * Mentions the horses can fly, and that he owns them. Asks if we want to borrow them to reach the keep
      * 5 larva each, or 1500 gold
      * The Ssseller is the snake's name
    * Offers to help us make money
  * Shack has quite a bit of scaffolding and such, seems to be a lift of sorts
    * Gaunt humanoid face on the guy manning the entrance. Has an oar in one hand, a small box in the other
      * Calls the Ssseller a twat
      * 2 copper ea to ride up
* City of Grimshank - Mostly fiends and were-creatures
  * On the ride up we find out that color marks us as newcomers, and will likely be a problem
    * Cover Kai in dust so he appears colorless
  * Pay him 2 copper for silence
  * Up here on the top, Yggdrasil still looks the same size. The hexogonal pattern is still everywhere
  * A great wall spanning between two more cliffs. Several soures of smoke behind it. Dead center is a large door, currently open.
    * Hustle and bustle of various were-creatures and skeletal creatures. A few Nightmares, some insectoids, a traditional demon. One or two randoms with small items that have a small bit of color. Bits of cloth, etc. A winged creature above has a blue cloak attached flying towards the tower and walks inside
    * Humanoid guards on the walls (some zombies, some skeletons, etc). A ballista as well
    * We catch a _lot_ of attention pretty quickly
