## Session 49
* Northern door out of lizardfolk room seems to be a bit of a market/store/show room. Many supplies and weapons on table
  * Individuals in robes and masks walk about. New type, doesn't match any such wear we've seen up to now
    * One is a water Genasi
* Southern hall has a creaky door with a large lumbering creature
* Ignore giant for now, proceed north to the shop
* Fight the group in the shop, kill 3, 4th surrenders
  * Half elven, claims masks are for anonymity, handed out before reaching the shop
  * Claims genasi (Mereth) ran the shop
  * Said he came here of his own accord becuase it's a place to buy... things
  * Get name for LA agents to follow up on later - Nuryl Selwyn
    * Related to the farmers Kai followed up on near the forest - Nobles who own a number of ranches/farms
    * Claims he's here because the lords alliance said they'd send someone to help and they never arrived
    * Preparing a final defense at Dellmon ranch since the LA never sent help
    * He leaves after Finliph antagonizes him, his boat gets destroyed by a kraken or something?
      * Some kind of monstrous head
  * Loot: 150gp on a body, 15gp on shopkeeper, "Nice" dagger, decent armor.
    * Nothing magical in the shop area, but hundreds's of gold worth of gear/food/weapons
      * Related to merchants that had gone missing weeks ago?
    * 3 tanglefoot grenades, 2 alchemist's fire
* Adjacent room: Person hunched over stove, cooking meal. Bunkbeds, etc
* Stairs to the north - Stone bridge crossing the canal, leading to a set of stone double doors. Some kind of symbol on them. Small noisy waterfalls out of culverts on either side make a lot of noise
* South hall: Troll!
* Door: Fine rug, tapestries, ornate chair (throne-like) with a horribly ugly woman sitting in it. Unnaturally wet dripping hair, just so very ugly
  * "I heard you coming, what can I do for you? Would you like some tea?" Creepy.
    * Theluna is her name, some kind of hag?
    * Shouts at something to get up. Two large (size) creatures get up and move into the corners - Ogres (Strong bags of HP, not very smart)
  * Claims to not be part of the cult, may have been here before them
  * Moves to a tapestry, which we notice now are woven out of seaweed or vines. She pulls some plants off the wall,
    * Builds a small humanoid out of the seaweed
      * Mutters Xano's name, and it takes on his mannerisms and appearance, albeit still seaweed
      * After he declines its assistance, she offers it to Finliph. He accepts
        * "Go with him, do as he bids"

## Next steps
* Finish floor
* Go upstairs, rest, return
  * Figure out what to do w/ workers
  * Detect magic on Finliph + Homunculus - Divination? Link? Etc.