## Session 17
* Head for Monastery
  * figure answers, bronze gargoyle like mask answers
  * They seek enlightenment through meditation
  * Seems kinder than the other group did. Seeks permission to let us stay the night to "shelter" from the bird-men
    * Still withholding info, seems like he might know about the bird people
  * Hostilities with birds
    * Knows about the feathergale knights, there is animosity
    * Knows there was a fight nearby and that several feathergale were killed
  * How big is your order?
    * A few dozen
  * visitors/hostages?
    * He doesn't know
  * Who in charge?
    * Qarbo

* Qarbo - Armor similar to the guy we killed last night, has the la'roque symbol.
  * Seems to want to fight the feathergale, doesn't seem to have the authority to do so
  * Advancement through obedience, no other routes mentioned for this order
* Kai sneaking
  * See pale white face, extremely gaunt
  * See old writing in one of the rooms, Qarbo walks through the room
  * Sees someone doing a ritual
    * Reminds us of ancient cults each worshipping a different element.
    * This monastery seems wrong. Old name for the cult was The Black Earth (They called selves the sacred stone)
      * Wanted to resurrect an old god of the earth
    * Hear someone praying
    * Double doors open, a monk in very impressive robes walks in with a woman. She yells, leaves, and closes the door. Was blindfolded
    * Duergar dwarves asleep in the cots here during the day
* Duergar assassination:
  * Used 4 charges of wand
  * We searched bodies, found nothing.

## Old Goals:
1. Investigate Sacred Stone Monastery
2. Try to entice them to fight the Featherfolk?

## New Goals
* leave feather behind, hide, do aarakockra fakeout
