### Session 80
* Winnings: 1500 to kai (party fund), Finliph gets 4k winnings
* Guard motions the combatants back to their ready room. Kai and Chad go to collect their winnings
  * Devmari and Gethmedra appear in the room through another dimension door
  * Confirms Bhun's freedom, states that there will be no further animosity
* Back to the inn
  * Bhun kidnapped about two days after the iron shipments started getting weird
  * Suggest he do hirelings on the way up, warn him about the yetis
* Level up! Xano adds Bhun as his new Far Scribe target for now\
* Papers Kai stole from Gethmedra's office
  * Definitely the lidless code we found before. Partial decoding from a 19 investigation check. They accepted payment for a contract to kidnap Bhun. No details on it, but the ledger line item desribes such. 1k gold received for it
  * No other reference to same payment source anywhere else. No evidence they're in league, just a one-off job
* Finliph finds rings of protection. 3.5k for +1, 15k for +2
  * Buy the +1 for 3200
  * Ioun stone of protection, (surprise immunity)
    * Giving it to Finliph
* Seeming disguises as we approach Red Larch:
  1. Kai: Wanted to look like Xano, now has aristocratic features and a regal bearing. Looks like a noble who has fallen on hard times
  2. Xano: Aged up a bit, stooped over a bit. Looks like Kai's steward. Book of shadows disguised as the ledgers of their fallen house. Looks a little ragged as well.
  3. Finliph: A soldier. Nose looks like it's been broken a couple times, a few scars on his face and arms. Broad shoulders and a bit of a mean mug
  4. Chad: Just makes him blonde.
* As we approach Red Larch the heat starts taking its toll and exhausting us. Chad + Kai exhausted as we enter town.
  * Kai confirms this is an extremely abnormal heat
  * The next day is a little better. Bit of cloud cover and rain
* Approaching along the road, we feel an eerie quiet. The fields aren't as full as they usually are. The once cozy town of wood buildings is now a mess with only a few buildings standard. A sinkhole several hundred feet in diameter sits in the middle of town.