## Session 57
* Orc has Blink up, druid is Banished for another round or two, Dwarf is invisible
* Loot small metalic (Platinum) dragon scale with a 5 headed draconic figure carved into it. Symbol of Tiamat - God of Chromatic dragons. Weird since Platinum is of Bahumut, God of Metallic dragons
* Find out pirates were going after a merchant vessel
* Wheel has been disconnected, can't steer the ship. Shows where a chain has been disconnected
  * Get it reconnected, seems to be stuck. Would be disabled below deck
* Xano sees the sea elf climbing up the side of the boat, blasts her into smithereens
* Xano and Finliph block the two stairwells with cannons so they are very challenging to climb up
* Chad uses Felicia to scout the lower decks
* Detect magic on the center mast, one of the lamps connected to it is magical. Divination, seeing things
  * Kai throws it overboard
* Captain's body is magical because the armor is enchanted. Mariner's armor - Natural swim speed to wearer, floats dead bAAAAAAodies up to surface - Studded Leather
  * Weapons - Small scrollcase, containing Scroll of Wall of Water
* Locked room, some survivors inside. We tell them to drop us at waterdeep if they want the fighting to stop. They tell us to disarm and that they'll drop us after their mission
  * Thulsa threatens to destroy the ship if we don't stand down
    * This room appears to be where they store all the gunpowder
    * She uses a spell scroll, the ship seems to fall, then we see a wall of water crash against the back window
    * The boat is starting to list backwards
    * We recall one landing boat hanging off the aft of the ships
* Last pirate surrenders and we let live, she repairs the rudder
* Ship is still flooding, we won't make it to a dock
  * Potion on the orc
  * Desk has a brown translucent bottle that glows magic, and some Tinkers tools. Maps, charts, notebooks. Small Crate w/ fresh fruit, small locked. Coins and gems!
* Kai finds an alchemy lab, 3 in progress potions he swipes
  * False panel on one of the walls. Dwarf inside, in armor, very confused
* Landing boat is being rowed away from us by the 3 survivors
  * Xano flies to the boat and tells them to row the other way to get more people on board. Says we'll need more rowers to get to shore
* Xano flies back and forth to the boat, bringing half of a sail and a ~10ft length of wood. With the loot earlier we have ~20ft worth of rope to try rigging up a sail
  * Asks Finliph to use his magic sword to help shave down the ragged end into something that can stand and maybe be notched/wedged into the benches