## Session 58 - Adrift
* Coin & Gem value - 250 gp, 250gp worth of gems
* At most 200 mi west of Waterdeep
* Dwarven mcGuyver makes us a sail with the stuff Xano brought
  * Gets nervous at mention of dragon
  * One of the other pirates asks "what dragon"
* Finn asks if they've been to icewind dale. Dwarf has, says it's cold and not worth going to
  * Tales of his hunting orcs gets the dwarf's attention
  * Dwarf has been up there for Trade and such
* Dwarf's story
  * Was taken into the hills in the north, up near Kony in the Sword Mountains. Searching for the site of an ancient battle involving the StoneCutter Dwarves. The site was an old Dwarven city, beset by a dragon. An evil conniving SoB. Destroyed the city, killed almost the entire populace. Nobody helped them. 1000 years ago.
  * Came further south. Found the ruins in the Dessarin valley, beset by the Uthgart barbarians. Once again nobody came to help.
  * Now it's lived in by humans and the other hairless beings of this world. No care given for what used to be there.
  * You want something, you take it yourself. Nobody's coming to help you.
* Xano starts telling the dwarf about the cults, and the possible connection of the 1000 year cycle to the destruction of his people
* Xano fips through Grimjaw's transaction book with some of the downtime on the boat. Has 6 mo worth of transactions. Weapons, supplies, human trafficking. Names, dates, ships.
  * A few encoded transactions, what could be worse than the above? Who were they to/from? Where?
* Names: Pirates 1, 2, 3. Dwarf: Yurmdin
* Xano casts fly on Fin/Kai, tells them to check for any ships nearby or heading towards us
* Dwarf asks about Genie's name for the imprisoned one in the cave. No interest in air elemental's name
* Spot a large ship heading our direction, also probably towards waterdeep
  * Gallean, likely a merchant ship. Flying flag of Luskan - Coastal city in the north. City of Sails, islands, bergs, etc. Cliffside cities, not seaside. Northernmost tow in the alliance, major trade hub. Has roads to Mirobar and such.
    * Ship name: **The Black Aegean**
  * Dwarf recognizes the name, says they'll take us to waterdeep
* At hearing Xano is in the Alliance, Yurmdin asks about the black trade (underworld, black market, etc). Implies the contents of that ship are a part of that
* New ship has only a couple cannons, but a completely full cargo hold
* Flashy captain, gold armor, appears to be a gentleman
  * He and Yurmdin recognized each other
  * We stay on deck but out of the way
  * Yurmdin and pirates go below deck. Kai checks on them later, appear to not be up to anything
* A door opens, very large very well-muscled bug-bear comes out of one of the doors. The Captain sees this as well, turns around, and motions for it not to come out. It slowly backs up and closes the door again
* Kai and Yurmdin have a moment together, outcast to outcast. Shares that they were after this ship to steal its weapons
* Kai and Finliph go invisible (from Xano) and want to look for the weapons

## Todo
* Invisible exploring
* Return to waterdeep
  * Report in
  * Report ship