## Session 13
* Plan: Take Groond to bandit cave, via suggestion to follow quietly
  * He asks us to sell pickles for him 3c/per, or 1s for 4
  * Interrogation:
    * How long have you gone down there? Since last winter
    * What do you do? Sit in that room and watch
    * When you see people? Drop cage on them
    * The kid under the rocks? I was told to leave him
    * How did he end up there? I dropped the rocks on him, because he made it past cage
    * Who else? Bar-bar, La'Rock, lets in anybody with the cloak, doesn't see their faces
    * How often do you go down? Usually after market day
    * Doesn't like La'rock, seems mean. Yells, calls him names. Isn't as mean to the others
    * Familiar voices? Might have heard around the bar, by the seamstress
    * Count? Five or six per night
    * Any others you dropped rocks on? One other, but Groond didn't deal with them
    * Barbar said he was in charge, nobody else ever fetched him
  * Leaving him here, with food. Will have sheriff fetch him in a few days or bring more food
* Long rest at La'Rock's house, nobody intrudes
* Market day
  * detect magic for place to sell magic dagger
  * Found one from Wolford with a magical elven longsword with some degree of carving - Inscription - (elvish) "For service and Honor" - Nulasemar (General of elven armies at spine of the world)
  * Sell dagger for 1k plus longsword, -300ea for 2 moderate potions (4d4+4), -75 for potion of protection (325gp left)
* Rumor mongering at market day
  * Overhear:
    * Talk of graves appearing in the hills (Shepard found them, near bandit cave, freshly dug).
    * Druid gathering at "scarlet moon hall" where archdruid Ellizar will be speaking about recent events.
      * Hills to the east, towards Beliard
      * Occurring within the next week or so, less than two weeks for sure
    * Elven dignitary making his way down - Diplomats have been coming down from Mirabar, supposedly has dwarves elves and humans. Coming to ~~talk at Druid conclave plus some other ceremony and/or~~ a funeral
      * Summit hall would be where they went if there is a funeral
  * Investigate with Tarnlarr's
    * They heard that dignitaries were coming down from Mirabar, they passed through Beliard and never made it to Summit Hall. Funeral was for Nulasemar
      * Group consisted of:
        * Nulasemar's body,
        * Bruldenthar, dwarven historian
          * Xanavor recognizes as an agent of the LA
          * Was carrying a secret document, one which we need returned
        * Teresiel, moon elf diplomat
        * Rhundorth, dwarven diplomat
        * Deseyna Majarra, human nobleman
    * General died to orcs as far as we know. The Governor of Mirabar dictated he be buried at Summit Hall
      * Summit Hall is an ancient fortified monastary. Clerics and Paladins keep it up. Honorific Catacombs
    * Druid conclave called after general's death, before envoys were attacked
    * Points out the shallow graves are same in count
    * Offload the book on them to check about the floating stones room
    * Split up:
      * Finliph getting _riding_ horses
      * Xanavor "selling" pickles while telling Sheriff
      * Kai tracking the stall, does pick out his tracks in all the chaos. Moving down Cairn road to Womford

* Catch up to the merchant (Harold) as night is falling
  * Ferryman at the womford crossing. Jack, he's been there a long time
  * He bought it just before market day. Roughly 3-4 days ago
* Reach the graves deep in the night, roughly 2am
  * Graves appear to be ~4 days old
  * Dig up the bodies, use gust a bunch of times to try blowing much of the dirt away since graves are shallow
    * First body: Human, leather armor, beat up. Not heavily decayed. Symbol on armor, Triangular necklace looking thing (`Symbol - Graves`)
    * Last grave: (Shocks Kai) Same armor, but is a black feathered Aaracockra
      * Implication: Not the same group as the diplomats, clearly so
    * No loot
* Next goal: Find ferryman (after a rest)
  * Long rest until ~noon

## Next session goals
* Follow up on bodies
* Track down ferryman or follow north to try finding site of the fight, assuming an attacker threw the sword into the river
* Work our way over to Summit Hall
