## Session 93
* Return the Genie's horn. He blows it and we all go slightly lightheaded.
  > I wish for my Patron Ajwa, myself, The Shadowhunters and to be free from Yan See Bin's influence, and control.
* Kai detects a portal within 1 mile (600 ft / 1/10 mile). East of us and down
* Glass orb above the hole
  * Looks exactly like the one that destroyed the feathergale spire
  * Based on Ajwa's hint this could be used to shut the Black Earth Portal
* Xano's ring
  * Ajwa freed?!
  * Portal lies on a nexus. Ancient focal point of energy. He is uncertain if we have the power to close it
    * Destroying a piece of him (a shard of his power) will trap it here. However destroying it in the plane of air might trap his essence entirely on the other side
    * Old magic, unsure how it works. Ajwa feels like he's missing a bit. Severing the tether is definitely important, though Ajwa can't say why it is that Yan See Bin can't get through the portal itself yet
* Rest of first floor
  * Shrine of dwarven god has been converted into an Aaracokra shrine
* Down the hatch!
  * Squishy wet ground, two fists hit Finliph as he lands. Tornado w/ arms
  * Air elemental
  * The bodies seem to have been dismembered and dragged off, it's a huge mess
  * We follow the wind, seeking the portal. Hear whispers in our head
    * Finliph eventually hears elven whispers saying "Give us the sword"
  * We find the prisoners! They appear to be guarded by a Guerilla
    * _demon_ guerillas
  * Find 4 cultists, one turns out to be Barrow Gladham in disguise. He betrays the others and assists us
* As the prisoners are being freed, Xanovor recognizes Deseyna Norvael, one of the diplomats we rescued from the Mirobar delegation way back when (see session 13)