## Session 112
* Kai meets the Roc!!
  * Gets a heavy leather armor for his troubles -- Air cult symbol
* Programmed Illusion - Coin - Face up + hear snoring - Misty image of a half-orc appears to be floating in the room, saying "she sent me to my death!!!" and repeat a couple times
  * Plan to put this in the Morning Lords room the next day so they force Caitlyn to waste more spell slots
* Next day weather: Wake up to white noise static -- Torrential rain. Limiting visibility to ~30ft, but doesn't seem windy. Is soooooo hot and humid as well
* Meditation
  * Finliph goes to talk with Iaulam
    * She has no idea about the amulet
    * She recognizes the cultist symbol. Calls it "one of the air cults", mentions Yan See Bin
      * This temple is connected to Yan See Bin!
      * Temple is to his brother, Kajoon. Has been missing for millenia. Refers to the Howling Hatred cultists as heretics.
      * Wabil (Yan See Bin) tricked Kajoon - Believed he is trapped though none no where. Believe his influence can still be felt. Also believe in general in ressurection. Learn the elemental paths over long stretches of time and eventually ascend
  * Fanny receives parchment from her god, the rain made the ink run
  * Cultists were here a month ago according to the Rama. Says Scarbeak still had the amulet after they left
* Catch Caitlyn in the catacombs, she put the other 3 to sleep
  * Says she's here for the Weather Vane
  * Fanny Dominates her, gets the amulet, commands her to step forward towards the Vane. She gets smashed by Guardians.
  * Breaks out of dominate, casts Prismatic Spray (7th level!!) on us and the guardians
  * She dies, we loot
    * 2 potions of cure superior wounds (8d4+8)
    * Armor - Glamoured studded leather - +1 to AC, bonus action to assume appearance of clothing or armor
    * Stone - Sending Stone
    * Magic tattoo - Ghost Step Tattoo - Inactive but could teach another magical tattoo artist how to craft this one. Valuable

## Next time
* Speak with dead on Caitlyn
* Get Rama to fix weather
* Deal with Iaulam
* Explain to Morning lords