## Session 96
* Xano and Kai use Seeming to mimic Uthgart tattoos and ranks in their garb as they appear as orcs to return to the camp
  * Kai is Kanchu, Xano is Dakhar
  * As we enter we see a few buildings that look more permanent than Yurts. Including a longhouse. A smaller set of walls inside with two large Yurts set away from the rest of the village, with a large bonfire in the center. A gathering may be taking place. A third of those present look ready to fight. Women and children may make up the rest
    * Is a full village, not just a war outpost. Between the walls and more permanent buildings, this village is meant to last. Has been here at least months. Probably a few years
  * Gossip:
    * A trial for so and so to rank up
    * Season change
    * Pending attack
      * Can see the warrior-class orcs appear to be reviewing their equipment
      * Several large crates around the village that have markings from various organizations. Mirobar, LA, smugglers, etc.
  * Implied we attack tonight, finally get to crush those elves instead of mess with them
    * Some notice that they don't know us, wonder if we're from another Ghost Tree Tribe branch, a different encampment.
      * Pratt
  * Zhug Zhug or Vlog to get the lay of the land, they are the tribal leaders
  * Get list of 4 or 5, with 2 or 3 leader names
    * Have not been sent into battle for victory. Simply harry the elves, never attempt for victory
    * For disguise: Going with Sect of the Laughing Fox, led by (Shaman) Zurl and (Warchief) Cog
  * Kai gets a "Baptism in Shit" as we convey a tale about him earning his next mark by scouting for the night's battle
* Elf village on the ground in and amongst the trees. Couple watchtowers/etc. Is more spread out than the orcish village. Larger populace than the orcs by a bit, Maybe 300-400 vs their 200-300. Wood elves.
  * Not much of a wall. Is generally more open than the orcish village. Animals throughout
  * Warn them about the timeframe of the attack
  * Vaguely elvish figures come up behind the one speaking to us about the attack. One is reddish and covered in autumn leaves. Another is greenish and covered in grass-woven clothing. Golden-skinned one covered in bright flower clothing. Blue-ish skin covered in hides and furs
    * They converse in Sylvan. Council of Eli'dren
      * Ancestors to the elves. From the Fey Wild originally.
    * This is the high forest, western end
* Finliph happens across Skald and Harrig Mightstrike in the inn, and they join him in his _glorious_ quest to rescue Fanny
  * As he's looking for a ship to charter south, Finliph spots the ship he saw sailing south with Fanny. It is currently docked here in Bargewright
* Fanny
  * Wakes up cold and wet, and she thinks underground
  * Obsidian black skin woman with pointed ears enters (Drow). 9 fingers from Glorious Hand has paid well for her. There's quite a bounty on her head. Asks why Fanny has such a bounty
  * She sold a little girl to the cultists, is going to make 20k gp on Fanny
  * Fanny claims she's worth 50k gp. Offers to sell _herself_ to her captor
  * Says if Fanny beats the price on her head she's free to go. Just has to pay up ~25k gp
    * Fanny tries to convince her to hire herself for a "Bank Job" to get the money.
    * Suggests using a metric ton of fertilizer to do so by blowing up the wall, and loading all the money onto Ox carts, while using still more ox carts to block so much traffic that the guards can't get to them