## Session 41
* Soldiers who dealt with Goblins took the delegates to Waterdeep, and left a few behind to enhance security
  * Sergeant Ramsay
  * Corporal Biggs and Wedge
* New priest. Worships Mystra - Goddess of Magic
  * Tells us we essentially need to beat it down. It's resistant to non-magical damage. Faerie Fire would let us see it.
* Saelvur's Sundries - Offers a truth potion (300gp)!
* Tarnlarr - Debrief - Pauses at mention of dwarven city ruins
  * Says it might be Tar'Basil - Thought it was just a legend. Likely fell 1000 or more years ago (possibly on the apocalypse cycle?)
  * Only missed the larger group by a day, could potentially ride out and meet them. Not all had horses.
* Blacksmith - Sell loot for 175gp
* "Ajwa" interaction - Only works for Xano, Kai got nowhere with it. Couldn't communicate.
  * Says he can't reveal the terms of the contract
  * Implies being listened to and watched. Take a hit of the hookah and see blue eyes watching. Similar to Ajwa's but not his.
  * Where to go next - "They all work against you now, you had best let them be"
    * "Waterdeep seems like a good plan. A lot of things that can be learned there"
  * The others see a small smoky cloud on Xano's back as he emerges from the pocket dimension. It resolves into the shape of the water cult
* Halfling (Nettlebee) looking for Kai in the hallway
  * Crops burning in the countryside, up north (1.5-2 hexes left of Stone Bridge)
    * Symbol of the fire group (Cult of the Eternal Flame) burned into sides of some of his cattle
      * None missing though
    * Chad's cat seems to like the halfling and want to help them
      * Cat shreds the parchment with the symbol on it
    * Burning started ~1-2w ago
  * The head fire elemental is a direct enemy of Bacaab

## Tl;dr
* Ajwa says go against water cult
* Kai's acquaintance says the fire cult is burning some fields up north

## Gameplan
* Morning interrogation of Windharrow
  * Xano family shenanigans
* Head towards Stone Bridge
  * Check out fields
* Proceed to Cult of the Eternal Flame
* Proceed to Rivergard Keep
