## Session 109
* Humanoids on the trail. Hulking, etc. Carrying bloody bodies
  > Fresh meat!
  * Fight!
  * Loot: Empty wooden chest. A shrubbery (roots and all, has berries). 50 ft coil of Hemp Rope. Fencepost. 5 Humanoid skulls. 3 half-eaten loaves of bread
* Yoreel notices Finliph's sword as he's re-sheathing it
  * Decides to wait until they're somewhere warm to talk about it since he's cold and Exhausted 1
* Kai falls in a ditch. Stuck inbetween sheets of ice
* Avalanche. Fanny diverts all the water with an impressive Control Water
  * It deposits the body of an Owlen right by us. Woolen clothes, cashmere scarf. Silken undershirt. All natural colors, undyed. Undershirt is dyed purple
  * Finliph recognizes them and the shirt. Head of the monastery. Rama Dryoodi Scarbeak
    * Rama was his title
  * Died before the avalanche, almost certainly died higher up and fell. Looks a lot like he fell to his death despite having wings. Was not bound during his death
    * Was a warrior monk. Martially trained. A lot of their worship centered around air
    * Likely died sometime between yesterday and two weeks ago
    * Reminder: Cold has been going ~1.5-2 weeks
  * Monastery ranks:
    1. Wool outer layer (common to all)
    2. Linen - Monk
    3. Hemp - Hwesta (swapped out for linen)
    4. Cashmere scarf - Feyair
    5. Silk shirt - Rama
* Fin gets a sending in the night
  > I'm sorry to hear of Xanovor's passing. I wish you could make it to red larch. It may be too late. If interested will pay for your services. Come to waterdeep.
  > I will run it by the group and get back to you
* Fanny gets a sending
  > Ms Storm. You have fallen off the radar. I request an update to our agreement and your progress.
  > Things progressing very well. Goodbye!
* We make it to the top!
  * Finliph sees the stone bridge that takes you from this peak to the neighboring one. The wind is fast and chilly, but we make it across. Two buildings stick out against the snow. One oval building, 80ft tall. The other is smaller circular structure, 20ft tall. Grand courtyard in front but covered in snow drifts. Can see a few trees. Ooutside several humanoid creatures are trying to heave snow off the side, but seemingly making little progress. As we approach we are spotted by a monk who sprints in the opposite direction. He comes out with a following. Approaching us quickly, he bows and says
    > I am Hwesta Zeed. Please follow me, we'll get you out of the cold immediately
    * Finliph recognizes him as the master of supply. There should also be a master of arms and a master of guests, who is likely to be responsible for us during our stay. Master of guests also cares for various birds and Rocs who nest nearby
      * Has likely become Hwesta of Guests given his introduction
      * Aarakocra
    * Has two rooms for us. Takes us to them, the whole building appears to be heated and warm. Invites us to drop our supplies and be shown to their cafeteria.