## Session 111
* Visit Weather Vane
  * Cave, guano, chalk white. Somewhat kept, but piling up in some places.
  * There's some kind of body of water we can hear echoing drops from
  * Bluish greenish light pulsing on far side of a room, square chamber, 50ft or so long. On the far side is a metallic device emanating the light atop a pedastal. Old carvings and such. 10 ft tall statues on either side of it. Seemingly locked in place, stone, gaze locked on the item.
    * One thing that does not belong. Partways up the path is a lake of water that is slowly filling the area and doesn't seem like it should be here. The device is almost sitting atop an island as a result. 10ft into the path is a bloody mangled half-orc in the clothing of clerics of Lathander
    * Orc appears to have been accompanied when they came down here, based on the tracks
  * Fanny has us practice all things stealth for her eventual heist. And uses it all to walk up to the Gyroscopic object on the pedastal.
    * Timorah intervened to help Fanny. As she did, the statues blinked out of existence, appeared next to her, then when she vanished they blinked back to their original spaces
    * Gave it a random "price is right" spin, we'll find out what it did to the weather when we go outside
  * As we leave, overcast and cold but the snow appears to be slowing
* Go back for dinner
  * Almost all the monks present. Mostly winged creatures, but around a dozen elves now. The Rama at the head table with the other ranking members. Two Hwestas appear to be injured (Not Zheed, the others)
    * Elf one has an injured arm, looks potentially broken
    * Avarial one has a "janky" leg and a limp. In a splint.
    * Injured attempting to care for the birds that were getting testy at their inability to fly due to the weather
    * Hwesta Iaulam (elven one) introduces themselves to Finliph specifically, asking about his visit to Hellgate
      * Hidden in their cast Yoreel notices a section of robes that are torn in a way that seems entirely unrelated to her injury
        * Wool, not cotton. Doesn't match the torn scrap we found before
  * Lathander pilgrims at a table
  * Monks taking up most of the other tables
    * We sit with a few, Kai talks to them about falconry and asks for lessons, is told to talk to Zheed to get info about a visit to the Aviary and a tour
    * The Roc nests at the top of the guest/Rama building, above the quarters
* Solo post-dinner activities
  * Kai: Zheed agrees to take Kai to see the Roc, eager to speak to him and/or show it. Not 100% sure why
    * Asks about the investigation. Mentions that he doesn't trust two of the Pilgrims, and doesn't know what happened to the half-orc. Kaitlyn is the other he doesn't trust. The two of them asked around about the weathervane a _lot_
      * Few days after they showed up the Orc took sick, a few days later the weather shifted
      * Rama was dismissive of Zheed's concerns about the pilgrims and Weather Vane
      * Iaulam's injury occurred on an evening she was not scheduled to feed the Roc. He doesn't think she did feed it that night. Hwesta Tiadle (injured leg) had his turn that evening with Faer Kuki
        * Iaulam was raised to her rank only in this past week. Has no training for the Roc feeding
        * Note: Insights were low on all of this but he seems earnest
  * Yoreel: Pub playing! +1 circumstance bonus on social interactions for next 24h
  * Fanny: Dawngreeter Asher - Fanny rolls 5 joints, makes 1 a little weak, 4 she laces with opium (lightly). Gives opium ones to all the Pilgrims. She also has bottles of booze she brings out
    * They accept the booze and Morning Lord BurnBaum voices his appreciation for the apology, and states that they have figured out what was going on in the time since. Toasts to tollerance and learning
      * The other Morning Lord seems suspicious of the gift and inspects it before drinking
      * Other morning lord (elven) + Asher take joints. Kaitlyn pockets hers but doesn't smoke it until after she sees Asher puff up
      * Gets Asher alone, and blitzed out of his mind. He hits on her a bit and seems apologetic about it vs his commitments to his faith. She plays that into getting him to open up more on the various tensions of his situation
        * Shares that the two other Dawn Greeters (Kaitlyn/Ulam) are very recent acolytes. New to the order. Having them sent on this pilgrimage is highly unusual. He doesn't trust them, and they've been bullying/intimidating him during the visit here. And have forced him into silence regarding Ulam's disappearance.
        * His second pilgrimage out of Baldur's Gate. The more out of the way the more he seems to like it. On every long trip there's always at least one Acolyte who is new, comes on the pilgrimage, is aloof during the trip, and leaves the temple after. Katilyn and Ulam seem to be following that pattern
        * Has traveled with Burnbaum before. Sees him as a mentor and thinks he's great. Doesn't think Burnbaum's opinion of him is very high though. The other morning lord doesn't usually come on these kinds of trips, but was pushed to go outside the church by its leadership to avoid becoming a recluse
  * Finliph: Iaulam takes him upstairs to a meditation chamber next to the library, knowing that both will be empty at this point in the evening. Confirms his identity as a member of the original group to Hellgate.
    > Did you meet him? Videroth?
    * She went 10 years ago and met him. Calls it a lifechanging experience. Calls what the monks do "just the beginning." Says Videroth teaches _true_ distance from the illusion that is the world. Says the world doesn't matter.
    * Ridaira (another party member) came through a few years before Iaulam went. Started her on the journey.
    * Claims she learned more in a few months with Videroth than the monks could teach her in decades. Learned the Everything and the Nothing
    * Is clearly a zealot. Wishes to lead a pilgrimage to him. Some of the elves have shown interest but the rest say that philosophy is taking it too far.
    * Finliph cautions her to let others learn Videroth's truths at their own pace
    * Finliph takes advantage of some of the conversation to take one hand, then try taking the other
      * When she flinches away he tries to inspect the wound. Not long or deep enough to be created by the Roc
      * She refers to ending a life as ending an illusion instead of murder when pressed about the wounds
      * Says if one stands in the way of teaching this philosophy, they must be removed from the illusion. When pressed on who it was responds "He stands in the way no more." and reports that the body is "gone as the wind guides." Says he made the decision for her, even though she cared for him greatly.
        * Theory: She killed the Rama not to help with the weather, but to advance her desire for a Videroth Pilgrimage of the monks here
        * Notes that the snow came before the Rama died, so she knows it's unrelated. Mentions that the Rama is supposed to control that stuff
      * Says Videroth teaches that to care for one is to need to release them from the illusion so they can see what is real
    * He honestly does a good job seducing her with the Videroth philosophies

## Next time
* Yoreel: Pub playing! +1 circumstance bonus on social interactions for next 24h
* Follow up on Iaulam killing Rama Scarbeak?
* Follow up on Pilgrims using the pilgrimages then leaving the church?