## Session 113
* Fetch the Rama, have him fix the weather with the amulet. He then pulls the bodies past the threshold so they can be interacted with safely.
* Speak with dead
  1. Why were you messing with the weather vane -- Was sent here to get it
  2. Who sent ya? -- Can I ask you, are you Fanny Storm? No? Then it doesn't matter who sent me
  3. Yes she's Fanny Storm, who sent you? -- He's coming for you, Andrakir is coming for you
  4. Why would Andrakir want this weather vane? -- Thats for him to know
  5. What was it like to be completely fucked up by me? -- You cheated!
* Fanny says Andrakir is someone she stole from. The location of a very powerful magical item. Took all his research notes on the item. Is a wizard. A bit unpleasant.
  * The notes are in the cookbook. Or at least it is the key to the code she used.
* Speak to Rama again, this time about Iaulam. He says they'll deal with it internally.
  * Offers to have the temple watch teh forest to free up the elven warriors to help with lifting the siege on Summit Hall
  * Asks for Xano's ring
    * Kajoon was defeated by trickery, they believe he is the Genie in Xano's ring. Believe Ajwa is Kajoon, just as Wabil is now Yan See Bin
* Finliph and Yoreel chat about the sword and the elven army
* Fanny starts decoding the cookbook
* Rama + Ring
  * Kai and the Rama do succeed at making contact. He seems to entertain himself by blowing smoke _through_ the Rama.
  * Ajwa says it has been quiet and lonely since Xanovor's passing. Mentions it takes a level of intent to make your way into his domain. Says he's been having quite the interesting conversation with the Rama while Kai was falling asleep.
  * He has good news though. Claims their problem with his brother is solved. Says the portal still needs closing, but it seems all of his worshippers have died. Or we could free him and he can close it.
    * Apparently they all died to a giant purple worm?!
  * Story time - He doesn't know how he ended up in the ring. Conveys how he and Xano met though.
  * Also conveys he _may_ be able to bring Xano back if freed
  * Rama has conveyed some stuff to him, Ajwa thinks there may be another way to end all of this with his "extended" family. The spear has a bit of his brother's essence. Destroying it in the portal would seal him away. The spear should be destroyed regardless once the portal is closed to deny him another way to this plane. If we cannot get essence items of the other Princes, we could search out old temples to other ancient gods. If we can find them they have other 'family' members or items that could help us avoid needing direct confrontations with the other elemental gods.
  * Anderach, Nethrise empire. There used to be a magical reservoir there that was the temple of his water sibling. If we can find it perhaps something or someone there can help us with Olhydra. It was near HellGate though perhaps a bit further. Old elven mages were the keepers of that temple, as avians are at this one.
  * Niah Gladham - No idea where she is, but the genie who struck the deal would know
  * Blue tiles - Doesn't know any 'still relevant' locations
* Finliph's sword time - New figure this time, it doesn't remember who it is. Celethear perhaps
  * She was noble, remembers death, poison, killing. Doesn't believe the sword made her a better person, but absolutely believes it made her a better fighter.
  * The sword doesn't forge better fighters or leaders. It simply forges **you**, it's wielder. For her that meant sneaking and delivering a swift strike. For some it makes them more elequent. For others it makes them better mages. The sword doesn't make you a better person, just a better you.
  * Finliph shares some of the wisdom he has gained, and describes a bit of his current conundrum. She affirms that he is both correct and incorrect. It will not solve all the problems, but she points out that a symbol can sometimes do more than a sword. And that if the sword can become a symbol, and be used by the right person, then it could do more than he imagines.
  * She does caution him that not all who wield it are destined to be great wielders. She certainly wasn't. But it will make you great, and turn you into a legend in your own right. It's up to you to determine what that greatness will be.
  * Doesn't know much of Hells Gate or Videroth. But does know that a spring in Hellgate has water that was used to help forge the sword. It was also forged with elements from other important Elven areas. To empower it you must infuse it with a piece of yourself, and it will infuse you. There are places this becomes easier to do. One such place is that spring, if it still exists.
* The freeing of a god - It's a ceremony/ritual, we are all asked to help contribute
  * Fanny contributes druuuuugs
  * Yoreel contributes a bardic composition to fit the chant of the monks
  * Kai contributes some pan flute playing
  * Finliph contributes some familiar summoning incense and a random mundane dagger
  * A slow breeze circles through the chanting circles. The breeze picks up in pace, and as it does so the speed of the chant also increases. Both feed each other going faster and faster. Yoreel drumming on his Lute gets louder and louder despite him not hitting it any harder. As the whirlwind falls into the center Finliph's incense and Fanny's drugs get their smoke pulled into the whirlwind. Their couldron's appear to grow in size as they feed the whirlwind more. As the noise reaches a creshendo all falls silent as the whirlwind falls in on the ring in the center. The ring starts spinning and we feel all the air, including our breaths get drawn in towards the ring. The ring starts glowing, red to orange, orange to yellow, yellow to white. Seemingly heating up from the friction of the air on its spinning. We feel the wind rush out around us in all directions. The flash of wind makes us all duck our eyes, as we look up we see standing in the middle of the circle a man in loose fitting clothing, barefoot, not touching the ground. Ajwa looks upon us, smiles, is engulfed in a small whirlwind and disappears. The couldrons return to their normal size
* To destroy the spear Fanny prays to her god. After examining it for a bit she steps back, winds up, and throws it as hard as she can. (Fanny asked her to "break the spear"). Seemingly in the direction of the Dessarin valley (Towards the portal?)

## Next time
* Elves + summit hall