## Session 110
* Hwesta Zeed: Not his place to speak about the snow issue. Rama Soren Rainfeather would be the person to talk to
* Takes us to cafeteria in the other building
  * Mostly winged races, but a few others who aren't dressed quite like the monks. Wearing more flowery/ornate clothing are a few humans and an elf
  * Four large pillars in middle of building forming a square. Large stoves around them to heat the place, piping along the pillars to carry smoke out and heat around
  * Ramps to second floor. 10x10 hole in the ceiling above us, going all the way to the top of the building. Monks can be seen using it to fly between floors. Can fly or use ramps to go between floors
* Rama Soren Rainfeather - Owlen
  * Noodle field trip to his office on the first floor of the first building we were in
  * Few elves here, and no real fighters. Can't provide much assistance, plus the snow also prevents them from lending aid
  * Snow started 2w ago. An ill omen. Seemingly out of the blue, of note shortly after the old Rama Dryoodi Skarbeak went missing, along with an amulet that helps stabilize the weather
    * Retcon from last session: No amulet on him, ~~in his talons (feet) was a small bundle of torn hemp cloth~~
    * We return the shirt and inform him of the body.
    * Amulet went missing around the same time as the Rama. Is a key that allows them into a sacred chamber housing a device that helps them mold the weather. Cannot reach chamber without the amulet. Weather may be permanent if they cannot get in there
      * Room is open for any to enter, the amulet keeps the Guardians asleep. Without it, any who enter the catacomb are descended upon and killed.
      * Guardians are two very formidible guardians, said to move faster than the winds
      * Pilgrims of Lathander were here for a week before the trouble started. 5 of them. One has been ill for some time
  * Mentions that they have some training but aren't really a warrior monastery. Can defend themselves but aren't much of a militia.
  * No members of Finliph's old party have been here for some time
    * His party was gone for 2-3 seasons, rehashes some of what we learned from Firatril
  * Council would need to decide about a call to action against orcs, or to fly us back to the ranches/red larch.
  * Current Rama is currently under any active spell effects
  * Kai finds a piece of torn cloth on a hinge outside the window. Cotton cloth. Not the kind monks wear, is more finely woven than what they wear. Matches the pilgrims of Lathander. A Half-Orc woman fell sick shortly after arrival
    * Two Morning Lords roomed together, three Dawn Greeters roomed together
      * Room 1: two beds, three people staying here, no sign of a damaged garment, spell fading from desk, evocation
      * Room 2: two beds, two people staying here. Find similar garment to cloth, though not an exact match. Seems ceremonial in nature.
      * Half-orc in neither
      * Yoreel takes two or three hairs from the bed of each Morning Lord to scry on them later
        * Also two sets of hair from the other room
        * Idea: Can burn 4-5 spell slots over the next few nights trying to scry on each of them with the cloth, and caster check to see if it matches each person
    * See invisibility: Up above the desk of the room of 3 is a weird symbol. Glyph floating in the air - Scrying sensor
* Cafeteria - 4 clerics still present
  * Two in finer clothing, red and gold embroidery. The morning lords. Male human, female elf. Other two are less finely garbed, human, one male one androgenous.
    * Morning lords seem stronger than Fanny, other two weaker.
  * Both Morning Lords surprised by the orc's absence. Look of fear on the male Dawn Greeter's face. Last one has a small flash of concern
    * Dawn greeter sweats under inquiry from his superiors.
  * Get offended and try to leave
    * Male one is terrified when Fanny starts accusing them
    * Say they'll root out any false believers and depart
  * Scry on them as they check their rooms: Human morning lord is quite upset. Yells about having privacy invaded, quickly turns to asking about DawnGreeter Ulam.
    * Calm collected feminine voice says something. I can hear it but can't understand any of what she's saying. She calls the shots? Silence for a couple minutes. Yes, well keep me informed. I hope that Ulam is able to recover quickly
      * Fairly certain what I couldn't understand was some kind of spell casting that happened over several minutes, that I couldn't understand because I wasn't the target of it
      * Was higher level spell
  * Half-orc described as human skin tones, skeletal structure and tusks of an orc. Woman, tall, muscular. Not a typical follower of Lathander. Heard them referred to as an Acolyte. Short curly straw-like hair
    * No hair we found in the room matches this
* Theory: Androgenous one is making an illusion of Ulam (the half orc), seemingly fooling everyone in the temple that they come into contact with.
* Theory: Modify memory on tons of folks?
  * Detect magic for enchantment effects periodically?
  * Maybe illusions for the most part, modify memory for the specifics?
* Action: We should check on the Weather Vane
  * Rama examines Xano's old ring while talking to Kai about being guided by the wind and the weather vane.
    > If you have this ring, I can trust you. The catacomb is through the aviary. You will find it in the back, hidden by the shadows
    * Gives directions to the aviary. Is across a small bridge under a plateau. Stairs along the outside of it. Hidden along the rocks are more stairs down the mountain. In the dark when you hear water drip you are there. 15m trip
  * Have seen each of the pilgrims outside the company of the others at various times. The pilgrims take food to the sick one, not the monks.
* Names: Morning Lord William Birnbaum, Morning Lord Ruinar Kinoro (elf), Dawn Greeter Asher Stone (nervous man), Dawn Greeter Catelyn McCarthy, Dawn Greeter Ulam Bugrol

## Todo:
1. Check on weather vane
2. Help shovel
3. Figure out what's up with the pilgrims