## Session 100
* Fanny
  * Hears an alarm bell behind her as she continues down the cave. After 10-15m there's a pop and a flash of light ~100ft in front of her.
  * See's the drow woman from earlier sitting ahead, apparently idling her time away
  * Fanny charms her, gets info. Current place is a waystation of sorts for various theiving groups. Hands of Glory, The Lidless, the Crushing Wave
    * An auction coming up in Waterdeep, at the museum. May or may not be a front to legitimize some stolen goods
    * Shows some teleportation circles they use to move contraband in and out of the hub. One to Amn, one to Dessarin valley, Cormyr
      * Fanny may require a key to use them
    * Fanny attempts to get some gear back
  * Wakes up as a prisoner again, Drow lady offers to free her if she has access to sufficient money. Could use somebody of Fanny's skill
    * A wizard has put a 200k gp bounty on Fanny's head. Fanny insists she's actually worth 350k gp
    * Drow's name is Ra'leth, says she handles "discreet transportation"
      * Implying she runs the teleporter setup to move supplies/people between theives guilds
* Fin
  * THUNDERDOME
  * Eventually Finliph bargains questions
    1. Where was fanny taken: An old boat house
    2. Who has her: Don't know, paid to leave her at the boat house
    3. Where specifically is the boathouse: 13mi southwest of here
  * Charter boat south to Golden Fields
    * Get off and start going west
    * Find the boathouse. Looks run down, collapsing a bit. Doesn't exactly look occupied
      * There's a shadow passing across the window that Finliph's familiar Midnight spots
      * A figure is hiding in a tree 15ft from the boathouse
      * Finliph sneaks inside, but can't find anyone. Clear evidence someone was just there though
    * Tracks upriver to the west, also folks are fleeing in that direction