## Session 86
* Pillars by a tree, seem to be the remnants of a building
* Ghost comes out and attacks us as we poke its body, we kill it and hear two piercing screams on either side of us
* Nethrise god of death: We don't know the name but maybe they are what only the dead know?
  > Only the dead know
  * Alcove w/ 5 slots, football sized
  * 5 lights, 5 pools, 5 skeletons?
  * Was colors of the skeletons, arranged by proximity to statue of god of death
* Door opens
  * Three large dead trees. Under the center one is a chest
    * The trees are almost beginning to fossilize
    * Finliph picks the lock, as it's about to open the tree branches start to move violently, striking out
      * Combat ensues
      * After combat Xano takes 3 wand-sized pieces of the semi-fossilized trees
      * Chest contains:
        * A lot of gold, some plat, a Splintmail in surprisingly good condition, an amulet on a large gold chain with an obsidian gem that shifts and changes color, a nice decorative bottle cork, several obsidian statuettes of heroic figures in various poses, a large gold comb the back of which is an ornate dragon with two red gems as eyes.
          * Fannie's Appraisal:
            * Statuettes: 250gp * 3 statues
            * Comb: 750gp
            * Bottle stopper: 150gp
            * 130pp/1700gp -> Added to party fund
        * Armor and necklace are magic
  * Another pool of water near the end of the cavern, protruding from a break in the rocks
* Portal
  * We can see a monochrome watery image on the other side. Seems to be a large open plains, in the distance is a city, almost like a metropolis
  * Runes around the gate:
    * Using a bizarre combination of necromancy + conjuration in order to hold the gate open
    * Links to Nethrise -- Kai hears the rest of the story of Nethril
      * When it was banished by Mystra to save reality, it was banished to one of the planes of hell. Specifically the Shadowfel. Possibly even a place Kai could get a Nightmare
      * The grasses almost seem like the grass by the Hag's hut, made of metal, had soulworm grubs. Kai might be able to get some to trade for a nightmare
    * Finliph sketches the shapes of all the runes
      * Notices partways through that they're shifting as he draws them. They're no longer the same shapes as when he started
    * Xanovor sees his parents on the other side of the portal, and hears them call his name
    * Fin sees hundreds of elves appear in the portal. In half of it. In the other half he sees hundreds of orcs appear. Both sides preparing for battle, drums beating. The call to defend, fight, etc beckons to him. The elves stare at him: "Help us"
    * Finliph asks Xano: Do you see the elves?
    * Fanny sees an army of shadows starting to form on the other side of the portal. Faceless, formless, shadows. Vaguely humanoid
    * Kai spends time mumbling that we can't do xyz, we must destroy it. Once he sees the others get captivated he thaumaturgy shouts:
    > NO! WE MUST DESTROY IT, STOP LOOKING INTO IT. WE MUST PROTECT REDLARCH!