## Session 78
* Dwarven statue, seemingly moved off of this altar. In it's place are tapestries over which a dwarf was flayed alive
  * We think to muddy the dwarven god's vision of this mine
  * Asserting a new god's power? Nothing jumps out to say what the new god would be
    * Hindsight: Cult of black earth symbol!
* Take winch house elevator out after doing a lap to try ensuring we didn't miss any dwarves/gargoyles
  * Darkness feels like it's getting closer as we rise
    * Watery appearance of movement on the ceiling. Potentially viscious. Black oily sheen. Was a black pudding ooze
* Surface! We appear to be in the winch house
* All the petrified folks are still petrified
* Dwarves are 100% open to resuming trade, will try to re-establish. Request possibly some food and some potentially regular check-ins
* Ludwazack is next in line for the throne?! Getting him back helps the recovery
* Leave food for the dwarves
* Short rest + fly down mountain. Rest again, arrive by the inn we think a bit under an hour left before Ludwazack's fight
* Walk in the back door, insist on seeing Gethmedra as soon as we find a guard
  * Masked caster burns two dimension doors - One to confirm it's us, one to bring Gethmedra to us
  * She insists changing all the bets would cost 5k gold or more
  * Expresses interest in Xano joining Bhun in the ring as an alternative
    * Match is against a group known as Khamir's Crossing
    * Only rule is no audience participation
    * A bet is struck: 500 gold deposit from Xano in exchange for not advertising him be Lord's Alliance. If Xano's team wins the gold is returned, Bhun is freed, we all leave. If he they lose/die she can advertise that she blackmailed a Warden of the Alliance into this.
  * Xano takes the +1 shield from Kai, and disguises his cloak with a book that has a sword through it, and turns the LA symbol red (Effective: +3 AC instead of -1)
  * Finliph takes phase spider poison from Kai
  * We misunderstood, match is not 3v3, it's 3vX
