## Session 51
* Fight the Beer Elemental!
* Find in the room(s):
  * Under the bed find a small iron chest: 26gp, 22plat, several handwritten letters in a weird blocky script (primordial, Aquan)
    * Letter contents: Hard to read, unsigned letters documenting multimple instances in Redlarch talking about a group of people who have come in and started to make a mess. They've gone off to attack the Black Earth cult and Feathergale knights and Howling winds. Two elves and a Tiefling. Mentions Lord's Alliance, Tarnlarrs, Kaylessa (helm at high sun), Sheriff.
    * Paper reminds Kai of the Graham's. The winemakers import this paper. It was on their desk
* Rest in living quarters, Kai hears some talking by the door, but when he goes to the door to listen more closely he hears nothing. Sounded like common, sounded like a question/answer
  * Seaweed Finliph would be a totally different school of magic than to scry/spy on us. Was likely transmutation to create it.
    * Detect lots of Transmutation, then maybe 1/3 as much Enchantment, then a little Abjuration
      * The enchantment is probably how it has rudimentary intelligence. Ability to follow commands and such, infer what it should attack, and how.
      * The Abjuration is likely to protect the form and make it last longer. Probably explains why it's attack seemed magical against the elementals
* The big doors!
  * Bridge stays up 15-20ft above water. Waterfall flanking 20ft to either side. Canals that go further in as well
  * As we get on the bridge we see a large chitinous creatue climb out of the water and pop up on shore. Echoing from the two waterfalls is a horn blast that causes the creature to receed back into the canal. Very hard to see in the water, it seems to leave though. Is big enough to take down a rowboat. Not sure if it was what took out Selwyn's boat. Claws big enough to break a rowboat in one attempt
  * Painted on the doors is a large symbol containing several arcane marks. In the center is the symbol of the Cult of the Crushing Wave
    * Door deals 29 points of damage. The arcane marks all glow in sequence then explode outwards
  * Stonework and another bridge. At the edge of our vision we see a gentleman standing on the bridge. "I'm so very sorry, I meant to turn that off. Please come in."
    * Entryway flanked by 4 lizardfolk. They step back to give us some space.
    * Gentleman looks like a man but has a lobster claw and a trident. Covered in barnacles and such, looks halfway like a sea floor. Recognizes all of us at least loosely, except Chad who he asks about
      * "Oh the son!" after Chad introduces himself. Asks after his cat. Then waves to it.
      * "There is someone who wishes to talk to you"
        * Confirms he is leader of crushing wave, says on his oath that no harm will befall us
        * "Neither I nor the person with whom I wish you to speak will cause you harm" -- Also agrees that the same will go for each of their subordinates
    * Grate in the water
    * Stone altar with writing on it
    * Garr Shatterkeel is the gentleman, he's very polite
  * Asks us to place hands on the altar. It is runed with a very powerful teleportation spell. To the plane of water? Unclear.
    * Confirms he can promise on his masters behalf that no harm will come to us
    * Picking up on Kai's fear, he speaks as plainly as he can: His master wants to speak to us. Neither him nor his master, nor any under their sway will harm us. He wishes only to converse, and is unable to come to this plane himself.
  * Ask him about the cat. Replies he was paying his respects. To Chad and his father. When pressed, "my master can explain this"
  * When  we say we will leave he says while we will suffer no harm, Redlarch will. As will all of its inhabitants. The only reprieve for the town is us speaking to his master. He will not harm us nor Red Larch.
    * The alter is a teleportation portal, the portal will remain open through our whole time there, we can leave at any moment
* We find ourselves momentarily weightless, our vision goes dark. We're hit with a wave of vertigo. Everything we see around us disappears and we lose all sense of down vs up. A wave of cold, a winter breeze. Our vision returns and the room, the alter, and our surroundings are gone. We look around and are standing on a sheet of ice 20ft around. 5-10 ft away we see a mound of ice crystals, in it is a magical portal. The ice sheet grows seemingly from nothing. An ocean, blue and dark as far as the eye can see. Ice forming along the top collecting and connecting to the ice sheet we stand upon. Above us is water, surface like the ocean. Same on either side of us. We are in an air pocket, surrounded on all sides by water. The ice we're standing on the only solid thing we can see. Soon the ice has grown to several dozen feet across. The ice solidifies further, the water becomes turbulant. Waves crashing up and over the ice, but shy of us. Soon with each crash an object appears. A plank of wood, another. A plate, a fork. As it continues bits and pieces of flotsom wash up on the ice, forming a table with a long cloth. A formal runner across it. Half a dozen chairs on either side. Place settings around them all. All wrought from the sea. As it calms down in front of us we see a formal dinner table, fish across it elegantly cut and presented as a meal. On the other side of the table is are vagugely humanoid figures, standing at attention and made of water. We also see another humanoid. Amorphous. Attempts at clothing. Tie, cape, formal. Stylized bits of coral where hair would be. Eyes and mouth are indentations. No larger than any of us. Steps off a pedastal. It's a french pirate!
  * Garr did not come with
* Kai remembers he has a boat from the bargewright inn!